Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: As you may or may not remember you talk to the marcella the tribune Ian adventure.
Timothy Sackton: And then spent the night at this in and.
Timothy Sackton: Unless there's anything you want to do at the end, I think it makes sense to just start when leaving the next morning.
Timothy Sackton: But feel free to like go over what happened and stuff and then all I can pick up on the intro with you, leaving the end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's can we can we be context again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah what what what is our purpose and what, why are we here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we're going to DARPA.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we've got johar with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who are escalade Omar.
Eric Rosenbaum: To DARPA.
Timothy Sackton: Who, you have convinced the target audiences kenzo to marry not be a good thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: We did do I mean there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It wasn't a condensed it was more of the Chardonnay and thought that he was kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Correct with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right yeah we just rolled with them, because you know that that's that's fine whatever they think well that'd be interesting if Joe Hart gets killed or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaking of Dr can we do like a little bit of.
Eric Rosenbaum: reintroduction of like what your heart looks like and what kind of person he is.
Timothy Sackton: sure.
Timothy Sackton: yeah all.
Timothy Sackton: My little intro ransom notes somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the the quick background with Joe Hart he was like a fellow like acolyte with me at in the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Back at the tumble back at the monastery so we know each other through that and then he worked for a while, in the archives right.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: He was kind of like the the monasteries liaison to to grow basically right, so the monasteries like three miles outside of town and not part of the whole to grab but he was in he was, I mean he's like an academic he's not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A.
Timothy Sackton: Not a an adventure, but he was he was always like kenza was like intellectual buddy basically when kenza was off sparring with.
Timothy Sackton: With rishi or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he nominally right now is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: an envoy to the King of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah whose name is Khan.
Timothy Sackton: Not card us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: harness, and so we are, we are escorting him to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To DARPA but then he is going to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wear.
Timothy Sackton: So, if you look on the map and 20 so his plan is so naya hires the capital.
Mike Sackton: he's gonna sail south.
Timothy Sackton: His plan was to take a boat South and then sell up the River ny are to my heart.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, as opposed to going over the mountains or something which is much more dangerous but.
Timothy Sackton: It well yeah also further further.
Timothy Sackton: Given the fact that selling is faster than hiking overland.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So if he's not an adventure if we do decide to like part ways is you can be able to get their brand self.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean the assumption is that once he gets the dharma you can hire a higher a boat that will take them right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: he's not going to be wandering and this this area between darby and the river.
Timothy Sackton: ny are this whole area is like the most densely settled part of Dunbar so it's pretty well populated it's not.
Eric Rosenbaum: The coastline you're saying.
Timothy Sackton: The coastline and the interior really the interior more than the coastline there's like this broad coastal plain basically that's all like savannah and farmland.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I keep forgetting the most of the population of Denmark is south west of the mountains, then right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean Durban.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and as far south as the next river south, but once you get south of the shroud you're basically in jungle.
Timothy Sackton: So the well, there are some.
Timothy Sackton: There like there's always been like this sort of contested border between the.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever random monsters live in the jungle and the end Dunbar but the strap as usual is like the defensible border basically and then sometimes the some King will be like oh i'm gonna conquer all the way to the next river South than chatty or something, but you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: population density is greatest from Darwin tonight that falls off too much trash.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a little bit like maybe it's just because i've been reading novels about American making a century, but i'm a little bit like the east coast.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you like mirror image it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and it Monte where the appalachians.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: going around right, because then you've got this desert, which is the Wild West.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, like damaris like kind of got this giant mountain range that goes right through it like Arthur like weird wars and shit where people are like trying to conquer either side of the mountain and then like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What it.
Timothy Sackton: didn't used to be there.
Mike Sackton: The mountains.
Mike Sackton: When she might.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have.
Eric Rosenbaum: To wait, the entire you vonte moon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, that entire mountain range is is 200 years old.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's Torben Kingdom there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there it's a dry driver kingdom made entirely of the refugees who fled.
Timothy Sackton: That the southern.
Timothy Sackton: Area of the of the big mountains in the middle, like where couldn't are is right, where God lives there used to be a big Durban kingdom underneath there but it got completely.
Timothy Sackton: destroyed by mind flares and the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: So there were like.
Timothy Sackton: Huge migrations of dwarves across Denmark in right after the Great War like 10s or hundreds of thousands of doors like walked across the country, and in fact saved the done Mari a bunch of times because.
Timothy Sackton: There was like this huge army or dwarves marching across the country.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Interesting so if there are these like magical mountains or they just like mountains like actual geologic mountains that just got like from the force of cataclysmic whatever just got like.
Timothy Sackton: Rather than.
Timothy Sackton: Denmark theory is that it's too much revenge.
Timothy Sackton: Because the whole of Dunbar used to be fertile planes, but now, with the mountains lifted up and the garden Java this high plateau like the entire land have done more with lifted up, so it changed the climate drastically tried it out.
Timothy Sackton: Whether that's correct or not.
Timothy Sackton: is something you don't know.
Timothy Sackton: But that's the theory.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Timothy Sackton: The other mean the alternative theory is that this was done this was like the reward of the gods to give the donmar a homeland that was safer and.
Timothy Sackton: More climatically favorable to the west of the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: So the people who lived in the west of the mountains think.
Timothy Sackton: that's what happened and people live to the east of the mountains think it was too much or that.
He.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did the rivers pre existed.
Timothy Sackton: The rivers to the to the east of the mountains all pre existed yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But to the West.
Timothy Sackton: No cuz none of that land that was all blue ocean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Like the ocean itself Garbo was there, but the coastline cut.
Timothy Sackton: Cut like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, through south.
Timothy Sackton: South East from Darbar like in a straight line and this whole big bump out like here.
Eric Rosenbaum: says LG to colonial America as the new world.
Timothy Sackton: This like whole area, right here it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: super new yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Partly it's because they didn't like the map, and so I had to change them back and I decided, I wanted to keep the old map is Canada and the new Baptist Canada.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: used to be nearly as much land between drank or.
Timothy Sackton: To the West right like you could basically go.
Timothy Sackton: You know 100 miles or 200 miles West or drink or and then the coastlines started turning dark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And once we get to DARPA we were potentially looking for the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: that's your theory yep.
Mike Sackton: we'll see what we'll see where it takes us why don't we want the cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will wait.
Timothy Sackton: Why, why do you want.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why do we think there's a cloak in.
Timothy Sackton: Because cuz.
Timothy Sackton: Here where's that.
Timothy Sackton: what's a server yes.
Timothy Sackton: But during Korean or the cardone and who is in Tokyo found.
Timothy Sackton: A scroll a letter in.
Timothy Sackton: In the archives.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: Is it it's in here somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Right, this was like the scroll here, I can put it in the zoom chat, but it was.
Timothy Sackton: From the time of the Great War letter that was like there's a whole bunch of treasure in the Carson treasury that we're going to evacuate because.
Timothy Sackton: We are afraid Carson is going to fall and we don't want any of these treasures to fall into the hands of shimmer.
Timothy Sackton: And they were evacuating it West the dharma dharma dharma is an old city, but everything's out the database is new.
Timothy Sackton: i'm learning.
Timothy Sackton: This coastline of dharma is.
Timothy Sackton: Was there before, and it was like kind of a backwater pre Great War right, it was like the one done Marty port, but it was like not I mean charted wasn't an empire than there just wasn't a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: trader or anything going through Darbar particularly.
Timothy Sackton: So does the sending things DARPA was like send them to the backwater far away from the front basically.
Timothy Sackton: Now there's no mention of a scroll in the letter, so you have no idea if there was, in fact.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, where was it a cloak is what you're looking for.
Timothy Sackton: But you know that garage was searching for stuff in Carson so perhaps there was stuff that you didn't realize was carried out of Carson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We ever wondering.
Eric Rosenbaum: If crushes thousands of years old or not.
Timothy Sackton: Also right because mark marcella told you, the story about this ring of a death that lets you choose.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have any i'm assuming that there was somebody that like we're supposed to contact when we get to Darbar right there's numerous was like talk to you were like a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a we have any any leads, there is a person who are trying to meet did that, like do they have like an equivalent of like the archives to toe crumpton Barbara.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you have a letter from from.
Timothy Sackton: Calais, the high priestess of Tokyo that's basically like these are good people, please help them, it can great.
Timothy Sackton: Oh man, have you ever been to dharma is.
Timothy Sackton: Like a.
Timothy Sackton: New place the first leg new city you've been to this entire.
Timothy Sackton: Given that several of you three of you at already most of you i've been to Tokyo before so you know nothing about DARPA you don't know anything about what's there you don't know.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's presumably it's organized in a similar way to the.
Timothy Sackton: token that there's some you know temple administrator who's functions as like the ruler of the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so presumably a color what tell us the name of that person and maybe they may not send word is we've got a little get out of jail letter but she would have been like oh hey This is my counterpart in dark DARPA.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so that's probably what we do when we get there as go try to find that person and be like hey where he he's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: handsome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good looking adventures that need your help, something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um is there is there, like a monastery nearby, are there any other like the you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: locking fishman entities near this in this area.
Timothy Sackton: In in Darbar or in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah in Durban.
Timothy Sackton: on the road.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on the road.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: No there's not.
Timothy Sackton: There are so some most of the of the Miss die orders are I mean there's usually just like a single base of operations, although most of them have.
Timothy Sackton: You know, will often have some.
Timothy Sackton: outposts or whatever in in Nigeria or right just because it's the you know, a major city.
Timothy Sackton: But, know that the the the.
Timothy Sackton: The monasteries are not it's not like sort of medieval monasteries, the benedictines but there's like 50 or 100 or whatever benedictine monastery it's across it's more like the sort of like Greek calls where there's like you know.
Timothy Sackton: The cult at Delphi is like the cult at Delphi and that's like the one place where that cultures Oregon it's.
cool.
Timothy Sackton: And you don't you so the other one so there's there are orders of all of them of the gods you know that the.
Timothy Sackton: That the that the mist I have an edgier don't have a fixed they are.
Timothy Sackton: They are Wanderers they they are often the ones who are patrolling roads.
Timothy Sackton: So there's no fixed a monastery of of I gear and they actually do have multiple.
Timothy Sackton: Like there will often be like little outposts or.
Timothy Sackton: Like temples or chapels to on here in in fortifications or something like that, so there was one in like ravens hold, for example.
Timothy Sackton: Chapel of of audio but you don't really know much about the Miss die of G volley or should yeah or some car.
Timothy Sackton: As far as you know, there's not like a major there's none none of them are based in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm ready.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody good.
Mike Sackton: waiting for.
Mike Sackton: bandits and a dragon right, just to be clear.
Timothy Sackton: What yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whoa what what Why would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I.
kate: Totally were expecting we're expecting that there might be a dragon based on the rumors we've heard so far.
Timothy Sackton: But as you heard on the road where.
Timothy Sackton: A bad debts.
Mike Sackton: You say expecting I say looking at me, you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I say hoping.
Mike Sackton: to wander off the trail a little bit.
Mike Sackton: To fight the dragon is that so bad.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: And what you've heard so so you have heard.
Timothy Sackton: Before I before we get started on the men into all say so you, you know, having spoken to people at the.
Timothy Sackton: At the.
Timothy Sackton: at the crossroads in like as you had.
Timothy Sackton: As you had.
Timothy Sackton: One West, you know that, so the road goes through these the copper hills, which are.
Timothy Sackton: You know a bit more.
Timothy Sackton: sort of a rugged pretty sparsely settled area.
And that's my motto.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: But about 20 miles west of here along this like buddy track that leads off into the hill there's like the last in right and then it's like about 150 miles from the last into the next end there's like a little settlement there so there's like a.
Timothy Sackton: Like one more spot.
Timothy Sackton: Usually, that will be people will like higher guards and stuff there.
Timothy Sackton: Whether you need to hire guards is you know questionable back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To when you're saying west of here should we be seeing something i'm not saying like an indicator anything on the map.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no there's, no, no, I mean west of.
Timothy Sackton: Here cook right so that's where you are this like little crossroads where this this were.
Timothy Sackton: Right yeah.
Mike Sackton: And we have like a day's journey and then we'll have one more chance for rumor gathering and.
Mike Sackton: So exactly and then it's a couple of days.
Timothy Sackton: And then it's like 150 miles of sort of.
Timothy Sackton: empty road and then you get to the sort of Darbar hinterlands where settlements starts picking up again.
Mike Sackton: And what is that, like is it basically the green stretch this the empty road.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, a little bit like maybe here.
Timothy Sackton: It starts picking up.
Mike Sackton: Wherever you're not clicking in a way that we can see just.
Timothy Sackton: All gone.
Mike Sackton: yeah and some secret map that's sheldon.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I was on.
Timothy Sackton: I was on but yeah.
The dragon matter.
Timothy Sackton: The map that shows where all the dragons and bandits are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yes.
Timothy Sackton: So, like there is roughly.
Eric Rosenbaum: I should see an obvious.
Timothy Sackton: I never I ran out of time to make a more detailed map of tau tau Gray area, but this is somewhere you've never been so while he doesn't have a great map of you just have a low resolution.
Timothy Sackton: map from the.
Timothy Sackton: stars and bangs.
Mike Sackton: And who like where did this come from like who travels on this.
Timothy Sackton: So, mostly traders, while there's so so there's like a tributary of the hora that flows out of the copper hills down here and that river valley is fairly density settled as far as central done margot's.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: People who are going from toe cry to.
Timothy Sackton: Darbar often.
Timothy Sackton: So there's sort of two two major sort of trading circles right there's like.
Timothy Sackton: You know by see from chart and garbage and then overland to cry and then, if you're going to some bara you know either to Carolina and then North right long distance trade routes for West from Turkey.
Timothy Sackton: Through some got to all these other cities to turn in right so it's like um but, but this was a backwater in.
Timothy Sackton: You know, drink Korean and pre great work done Mari days there was never like ancient trade road that was developed conducting toker and dark.
Mike Sackton: So it's mostly like you would take it between dharma and toker because it's you save a week or more.
Timothy Sackton: As opposed to going on the drink Korean read the.
Mike Sackton: saga.
Mike Sackton: But it's like exactly caravans and things like it's not well sounds so you been shopping go with a big group.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pre summit like DARPA was more important as a ocean stuff from charting to drink or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then it was.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So overland stuff or.
Mike Sackton: Pre flight right right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah like in the ancient days, people would sail from you know DARPA is all the the actual settlement of DARPA doesn't date to the.
Timothy Sackton: Korean Korean times there, there are that area was settled and you go along, there would be people selling along the coast right, so there was never a major overland.
Timothy Sackton: overlay route.
Mike Sackton: You were just saying before dark, it was a bit of a backwater.
Timothy Sackton: Until yeah.
Mike Sackton: Post Great War right when yeah this game and all the guys like yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly.
So.
Mike Sackton: Nick right nae.
nae.
Timothy Sackton: nae are was founded 180 years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's a good Central Asian Silk Road city now or something.
Timothy Sackton: DARPA.
Eric Rosenbaum: Insofar as it's yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah yeah yes DARPA has become much more important than the last hundred years it's the most big it's probably the biggest and most cosmopolitan city in Dunbar now.
Timothy Sackton: Because most like naya hires like the sort of you know, capital but DARPA is where most of the training comes through.
Timothy Sackton: But a lot of people don't bother going to toker they go chart into Darbar then darby to sundar they buy horses and seminar and sell the horses back to charter right so some guys like the major.
Timothy Sackton: Both the like it's where the like famous done mark horses come from.
Timothy Sackton: So there's like the color red circle is.
Mike Sackton: Is that.
Timothy Sackton: Pardon Darbar.
Timothy Sackton: Some garbage garbage garbage in garbage out right it's only if you're doing the long distance trade to to somebody.
Timothy Sackton: That you go through to grow.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry dharma sagar.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's no city on that giant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever you call that estuary.
Timothy Sackton: Which just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just the invisible city.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the.
Mike Sackton: extent which giant a story.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the northwest of.
Mike Sackton: The Emerald.
Timothy Sackton: Wait so.
Timothy Sackton: you're talking about.
Mike Sackton: North know up here yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's lizard folk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh Nice.
Timothy Sackton: This whole this whole river here is there's like two major lizard folk settlements there and and here.
cool.
Timothy Sackton: There probably is a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Side quests this little.
Eric Rosenbaum: boy yeah and then is this an artificial canal here.
Timothy Sackton: yep that was made by drink or.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then there's two unnamed cities there yeah.
Timothy Sackton: This is there's.
Timothy Sackton: there's a lot more cities, this is just like you know well being sort of quick sketch of what actually is, you know here there's, this is not this is for sure, not all the cities that are in the Attorney and enter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and then there are also the rumors of those invisible cities.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That exactly that shimmer that shimmer and disappear and people feel like they see them, but then they're gone and they travel and Leslie and see them on the horizon, but never arrived, like those the cities.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As the Tele Kofi know so so carefully collected.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A great great charge in writer.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: As you ride West.
Timothy Sackton: Leaving the old trade road with it's.
Timothy Sackton: still maintained.
Timothy Sackton: Large paving blocks and wide course wide enough for two caravans, to pass each other.
Timothy Sackton: Behind and set off on the muddy dirt track still fairly wide and you know clearly maintained but.
Timothy Sackton: You know muddy in the monsoon and dry and dusty in the hot summer that head to the copper hilson darby you find yourself, for the first time in quite a while actually heading off into the unknown.
Timothy Sackton: This is a road none of you have traveled before.
Timothy Sackton: And as you set off the sun shining the air heavy with humidity and the promise of rain.
Timothy Sackton: The land speaks to you.
Timothy Sackton: This is ancient land here a crossroads for millennia from even before the creation of humans and it seen empires rise fall more than once.
Timothy Sackton: And as you begin to.
Timothy Sackton: Travel West in the morning sun to down with this land speaks of the altar days, and you can see in the distance the first clumps of lush green trees dotting the horizon, that.
Timothy Sackton: The land here in the hills wetter and more savannah than open grassland.
Timothy Sackton: And as you cast your eyes across the horizon, these are the first real trees that you've seen in centuries doe at that for a moment, you can.
Timothy Sackton: smell the lushness of the forest that one stretched in all directions, the great trees of that ancient for us to leaving their faint echo on your senses today.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well be the wander, it is the journey is of 1000 feet that leave us.
Timothy Sackton: Even long ago the happenings we're here traveling from the Green see to the coast of endless ocean bringing songs and stories and company.
Timothy Sackton: And you can hear those songs of the happenings, yes, but also the laughter of outs and all the humans and others that came after the nameless people who settled in the shadow of the great trees and we're.
Timothy Sackton: After the fall of the elven empire is a simulated into the drink Korean empire and the brilliance and then the darkness of drink or at its height and it's fall, they are some deeper darkness in your memories, that your mind shied away from.
Timothy Sackton: And the stories of the happenings even trading with the survivors of the plague struggling to make a living in these hills and then being slaughtered by the conquering Dunbar and the gods.
Timothy Sackton: To kenzo touched by the gods, that is, the hand of Chicago and beach man maka that you feel is here across the land of your people, the web of connection to the Chicago and Miss die still pose it you the faint trickle of power flow in east.
Timothy Sackton: guiding and eating, as you still even at this distance feel that.
Timothy Sackton: The power of that web protecting the land or beaches hand seems to draw you forward urging you to look at the people in the land as one to hear the stories that connect them.
Timothy Sackton: To the dwarves, it is the shape of the land that you can see before you the subtle rise to the West that hints of the event move on to the mountains in the distance still a few hundred miles away far too far away to see.
Timothy Sackton: But something about the changing landscape speaks to resign of home of the sharp peaks and fresh stone of the new mountains.
Timothy Sackton: And to secret with his geologist I not home but mystery as the vision of that a natural way that you've aren't the mountains were thrust to the sea lingers in the air here.
Timothy Sackton: And so.
Timothy Sackton: The land changing around you moving from desert and grassland to richer, more fertile territory, you turn West as the next phase of your journey begins.
Timothy Sackton: And, as he turned West and set out.
Timothy Sackton: I assume you're just you know, keeping a pace to reach the.
Timothy Sackton: Following the road to reach the.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A draft.
Timothy Sackton: In on the road before nightfall the dragon yes.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, who is scouting anybody.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah well we'll be running ahead and in every so often going off the road to go up the Hill and get a better view and sort of sketch things down and so equally scouting for other people on the road, but also mapping, as we go.
kate: Okay, it was anyone else, leaving the end headed West when we were.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, just the band it's following us in traveling right.
Timothy Sackton: that's out there, so there's not I mean, so my Salah that Tony was gone when you woke up in the morning i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Back she apparently lost early before breakfast.
Timothy Sackton: And and.
Timothy Sackton: You know these rumors of a dragon are certainly spreading and so there's some doubt in a lot of people as to whether.
Timothy Sackton: This is in fact a wise.
Timothy Sackton: direction to head and there's usually not a lot of trade, right at the beginning of the month soon anyway because.
Timothy Sackton: The roads are terrible and like if you are going to trade crops or whatever you're just planting them right the animals are just nobody's.
Timothy Sackton: You know the animals are just having calves like nobody's harvested you know cows for leather there's they're just not it's not a peak trading season.
Eric Rosenbaum: When it's the beginning of the monsoon season right now.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're traveling.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's fine right.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean people travel right it just rains every day, but the roads get money, even the trade route gets money so it's not like the best time to you know drag a caravan full of heavy goods.
Mike Sackton: Right, but we don't hide their pencils.
Timothy Sackton: You just.
Timothy Sackton: Have a small cell call it.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't slow you down.
kate: And the horses.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but horses are fine and an xp but the xp is current.
Timothy Sackton: And so, as you leave Joe has also like looking around so Joe hires about Kansas age so like what mid 20s.
Timothy Sackton: is maybe a year older than kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: You know short cropped.
Timothy Sackton: dark hair.
Timothy Sackton: kind of like cons hair.
Timothy Sackton: And what usually travels like whether you know his cloak and.
Timothy Sackton: You know monk's robes that are sort of a.
Timothy Sackton: Light tan color with blue lining.
Timothy Sackton: And he's happy to be on the road, he doesn't travel that much he's happy to be you know hanging out with kenzo he's been he's been teaching kenza woodworking.
Timothy Sackton: You know he's looking you know it's been a while, since he's been.
Timothy Sackton: In this direction and he's never been to darby so he's excited about the adventure basically.
Timothy Sackton: i'm a little nervous about the rumors but, as you know, counting on you to keep them safe.
Timothy Sackton: So he's fairly chatty as you write off um well be kind of scouting ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Few little little movement on the road that you see.
Timothy Sackton: You know you you do occasionally well be see in the distance you know after.
After lunch.
Timothy Sackton: You know, maybe three four miles south of the road, just at the edge of that your visibility there's a small group of.
Timothy Sackton: done Mario.
Timothy Sackton: horse herders that seem to be moving East towards the towards the camp, with their herds may be looking for you know, a shelter or some place to.
Timothy Sackton: camp out for a few days, this is all trading caravanserai places tend to tend to be like little Denmark camps around each one of them people come for a few weeks, instead of camping South stuff and buy stuff.
Timothy Sackton: And then move on, so they often gather these little settlements on them, but nobody actually on the road you've got the entire road to yourself as the.
Timothy Sackton: You know afternoon style opens up and it begins to pour the clouds hanging low visibility decreases you all sort of huddle in your cloaks and trump through the mud, a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: And the day passes and eventually.
Timothy Sackton: By evening, as the clouds lift and the sunset Castle golden laid across the.
Timothy Sackton: The the fields, which you know you are now passing little clumps of trees, occasionally, you can see little rocky outcroppings of the land is getting more.
Timothy Sackton: Both wetter and and refer.
Timothy Sackton: So less rolling season grass and more sort of little clumps of trees and little rocky outcroppings and things I mean you can see the the.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of.
Timothy Sackton: blast in settlement ahead um you can see it from a few miles away it's a um.
Timothy Sackton: it's a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a small sort of camp in but it's got a wooded palisade around the outside.
Timothy Sackton: And inside you sort of are going down a bit of a slope to the to the.
Timothy Sackton: settlement and there's a handful of sort of modern buildings with a.
Timothy Sackton: In in stables small temple a smoothie few like warehouses and things and there's like a decent number of people camped here, including a number of people that book, you know as you start to ride into town fairly.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, like.
Timothy Sackton: You know Armor and.
Timothy Sackton: Weapons and things like you know you get the sense that this is like where you know sort of people who want to hire themselves out as mercenaries caravan guards or something.
Timothy Sackton: Set up camp and kind of chill waiting for somebody to want to hire somebody to protect their their caravan going across and on the way, on the other side and get paid to come back as well, so.
Timothy Sackton: Has a little bit more of.
Timothy Sackton: Military camp feel than just like a sort of bustling in.
Timothy Sackton: But the gates are open, nobody is like sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, obviously you attracts them stir as it's been a while, since two dwarves of halfway to humans and analysis wrote in town, but.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody stopped you, I assume, so if you want to ride to the end or talk to anybody or.
Timothy Sackton: Let me know what you're doing here.
Mike Sackton: I mean, how many How is this 50 people 10 people hundreds of people.
Timothy Sackton: Like 50.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think when we get to the end, the own ask the innkeeper thing, though, if people who have come from the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To the West and see and get news from the road ahead.
Mike Sackton: I was thinking, the same thing, like just what else anybody if there's a traveling parties that look like they're fresh into town.
Mike Sackton: yeah rather than hanging around.
Mike Sackton: But I think, maybe start at the end and then we'll we'll try and.
Timothy Sackton: we'll go from there right, so you write in that the innkeeper is is a boulder man looks like maybe a retired mercenary or something um he's got a scar down as his cheek and it looks like one of his like arms is kind of his left arm and sort of.
Timothy Sackton: he's moving stiffly right, so he has some old looks like yes cool injury sort of.
Timothy Sackton: comes up as you approach and like sort of gives you all a once over.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: kind of smiles a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: As you look like some serious.
Timothy Sackton: travelers.
Timothy Sackton: Heading West or east.
Mike Sackton: West to darby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah what we've heard stories, but what actual news from the road that way.
Timothy Sackton: wow the last traveler to come through wisdom messenger traveling from darby.
Timothy Sackton: Writing riding the route from DARPA to the crossroads and then dropping messages there to be taken to Tokyo and picking up messages to write up the cigar.
Timothy Sackton: Usually these.
Timothy Sackton: messengers ride with two or three spare horses and they can keep speed up claimed.
Timothy Sackton: As spare horse was eaten by a dragon.
Timothy Sackton: cut the other one loose and wrote as fast as he could that was maybe 10 days ago, and nobody has come from the Western Stan.
Timothy Sackton: I am dubious of stories of dragons myself but.
Timothy Sackton: Unless the band that's i've gotten quite clever.
Timothy Sackton: has been no news, since he rode through.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you'd expect some more traffic from that direction, this time here.
Timothy Sackton: should be messengers coming at least every four or five days.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does anyone lyft headed West since then.
Timothy Sackton: Few brave souls.
Timothy Sackton: The caravan that last three days ago, carrying some.
Timothy Sackton: You know trade for DARPA.
Eric Rosenbaum: With with a hired guard.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes.
Timothy Sackton: You know, mostly mostly.
Timothy Sackton: paper and silk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Paper is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where this produced him.
Timothy Sackton: So paper would come from from donmar so it probably came from somebody on the east, the East bsm bar up.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: I forget if we did this last time, but there, there was a mention of this being a two legged creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the previous settlement.
Timothy Sackton: Yet this is what the messenger said two legs.
Timothy Sackton: swooped down and grabbed his horse and its claws and then.
Timothy Sackton: took a giant bite out of that.
Timothy Sackton: off.
Eric Rosenbaum: I read anything about a two legged creature that with the dragon like creature.
Mike Sackton: what's the like dragons I, what is the myth of mean.
Mike Sackton: Are dragons.
Mike Sackton: Real.
Mike Sackton: I mean clearly they're real.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah people everybody knows, I mean dragons are real, most people will will have heard of dragons legends they're they're.
Timothy Sackton: they're sort of myth of dragons is more like smog than like you know.
Timothy Sackton: raiders of courses on a road right like.
Timothy Sackton: Although nobody really knows where dragons come from like are there baby dragons and so, if there were baby dragons presumably, this is what they would do right but, like the sort of stories of dragons are all like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Ancient powerful things with huge treasure hordes and you know.
Timothy Sackton: Big Larry somewhere where they hang out offer the offer the wilderness and grow that.
Mike Sackton: Presumably.
Timothy Sackton: yeah rare.
Eric Rosenbaum: away to the to the two legged thing, though, does that match with the stories of dragons.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: dragons like ancient adult dragons have four legs.
Timothy Sackton: But again, nobody really knows.
Eric Rosenbaum: So they're like tadpoles.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody really knows how dragons.
Timothy Sackton: develop right like.
Timothy Sackton: there's never been a sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Well, at least well makeup.
Timothy Sackton: Actually secret might know make a.
Timothy Sackton: guess, this would be our kind of making our kind of check.
Eric Rosenbaum: So fantasy biology check.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but it's it's like I don't know our Connor nature, whichever you prefer.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did are kind of roll.
Timothy Sackton: Water guy here are kind of higher anyway, I mean there are lots of I mean you've read you read treaties on dragon's the problem with treaties and dragons is.
Timothy Sackton: You know, if you read five treaties on dragons you'll learn 11 thing don't read 11 theories about how dragons about.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so you know whether that some people think they had some eggs and look like many dragons some people think like.
Timothy Sackton: You know they're tadpoles and and baby dragons are aquatic and don't have legs at all, and then they morphed through various forms of more lags until they turn into adults, some people think baby dragons don't even exist on tiger and they dragons grow up on other planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: intriguing.
Timothy Sackton: Some people think dragons are.
Timothy Sackton: They they give birth to live younger.
Timothy Sackton: That you can sort of discount because there are definitely stories of dragon eggs like you see stations and dragon eggs.
Timothy Sackton: Some people think that.
Timothy Sackton: New drag a dragon egg forms from part of a dead dragon so new dragons are only born to replace dragons that are killed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's interesting observation of dragons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: love that awesome.
Timothy Sackton: So you know, and of course there are stories of many creatures that are associated with dragons right so like.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: drake's and there are white burns, and there are.
Timothy Sackton: Various kinds of sort of dragon ask sort of creatures that are like the lesser cousins of dragons that have various features and there's some that that supposedly don't fly.
Timothy Sackton: That can you know breathe fire but crawl on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Why birds are noted for their poisonous stingers.
Timothy Sackton: sort of their their major major feature is they have their basically have a scorpion tail on though extremely deadly poison.
Timothy Sackton: But like there's like lots of people write about dragons and.
Timothy Sackton: How many of those people who write about dragons have ever seen a dragon ISM is a unclear question and seekers mine so it's very hard to sort out the treats from rumor.
Timothy Sackton: But you are pretty convinced that a full grown adult dragon should not have two legs.
Timothy Sackton: The dragon has two legs it's either like a wyvern or Drake or like some other cousin of dragon or it's a.
Timothy Sackton: younger dragon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On one in our last campaign to be like dragons other than.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We encounter any dragons those and.
Timothy Sackton: I can't remember.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think we'd I have this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): memory it's like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dragons for ages and it because of battles between dresser contest between Americans.
Mike Sackton: There was a whole thing about the dragon wars.
Mike Sackton: Like I don't I think this is not canon anymore.
Mike Sackton: Maybe it is I don't know, but we have this whole thing where like each age was a war between a dragon with with war between different factions.
Timothy Sackton: right there was like a traveler, who was a dragon.
Timothy Sackton: But there's also a distinction between dragons election.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait the trial is a dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And gods who appears dragons.
Timothy Sackton: or powers that appears not not so much gods but like like the like first dragons back like way back before time began were like these.
Timothy Sackton: insanely powerful like great worms like the sort of mythical dragons of magic and.
Timothy Sackton: And all the subsequent dragons were created by them right and so she was like a dragon basically and there are other dragon boats around, but this is different from sort of normal dragons that populate the way, and those are like the offspring of the dragon cards.
Timothy Sackton: sort of equivalent to like the elves are the doors the like firstborn or the firstborn and the gods and then you know the race exists.
Timothy Sackton: So this is definitely not like a dragon God roaming the way, but whether it's some kind of.
Timothy Sackton: dragon kin or a young dragon they just don't really know.
Eric Rosenbaum: When i'm have some for some early results.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just put in some early results into the chat.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: session title the.
Eric Rosenbaum: party and counselor is a dragon and it.
Eric Rosenbaum: followed it up with an explanation about the dragon it's.
Timothy Sackton: interesting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That sounds like one of our adventure.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's kinda.
Mike Sackton: alright.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but the innkeeper is happy to.
Timothy Sackton: You know, take your money and give you rooms for the night and stable your animals and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: And he says, you know if if you want more guards there's.
Timothy Sackton: plenty of people brave enough to.
Timothy Sackton: head West and.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: You better pay well but.
Timothy Sackton: Ask around if you want company.
Timothy Sackton: Although he, like looks at.
Timothy Sackton: Dow APP is dealt with and resin are the only ones who look like actually like warriors because you have your Armor and weapons.
Mike Sackton: Although dealt with is odd, because he doesn't carry well.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but you were are.
Mike Sackton: yeah he was crazy working with a giant black things that, in the middle that website shot.
Timothy Sackton: So he looks at risk when in doubt, with and he's like.
Timothy Sackton: You you might be able to handle yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the as chopped liver, yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well he's like I i'm right here i'm break you're wearing this Armor with the sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenza like puts his arm around well being like pat them on the head condescendingly yeah but they'll see us one day, while the it's okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I kinda goes back to like a little in some way that he has he's like literally he's practicing like making a little little figurine actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas very excited to collaborate on some figurine projects because he's been learning from from Joe Hart let's miss Lee is exclusive focus this entire trip West because it's just like fucking literally with the whole time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah so we're it's just to not you know we can collaborate on some physical artifacts that might connect with some of the stories and games that you're making for the the Meta.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: game verse so just fyi.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh definitely yeah we can make stuff out of stone and in glass to couple of the wood.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Truly hiring regard I don't I don't think.
Mike Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: I don't think where.
Mike Sackton: he's dealt with sort of pauses.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't want to.
Mike Sackton: hire too many folks.
Mike Sackton: to guard us, it would it wouldn't feel right, but if anybody's looking to travel West in a larger group.
Mike Sackton: We did welcome the company on the road.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would we go.
Timothy Sackton: up.
Timothy Sackton: It be known there's nobody waiting right now, but I think.
Timothy Sackton: What would the bandits in this rumor have a dragon.
Timothy Sackton: it's not a lot of excitement, the more days go by that nobody comes from the West, the less interested anybody is testing the road to be perfectly honest.
Timothy Sackton: So if you had that way.
Timothy Sackton: Everyone will be very excited to see you off i'm not sure anybody wants to travel with you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): done with the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): caravan for pay three days ago.
Mike Sackton: And if there's anyone who's traveled the road this season.
Mike Sackton: Who has a head for maps.
Mike Sackton: i'm sure my friends lobby here would love to talk to them.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: It sort of looks around the room, and this is like a you know, a.
Timothy Sackton: fairly large sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Common room that like spills out the front of the end so it's like indoor outdoor sort of thing where there's like awnings that extend out to some tables in the outside, and you know there's a.
Timothy Sackton: Big stable over there as well, and it's you know fairly noisy and bustling coming in around sunset a lot of the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the guard types, who are sort of hanging around are coming in.
For some food and stuff.
Timothy Sackton: They sort of nods over there's a little there's a small group of.
Timothy Sackton: Of like three fairly well armed an armored soldiers on wearing like chain mail, they all have like the chain mail has like the emblem of the spear in the Center of it sort of nods over Those are some of our gears miss die there.
Timothy Sackton: came through.
Timothy Sackton: A couple weeks ago.
Timothy Sackton: Writing patrol.
Timothy Sackton: went to Tokyo now returning but have decided to wait for a larger company before venturing forth, but they rode the road recently and often ride the road, so they may have.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever information you seek.
Timothy Sackton: There anything else, I can help us.
Timothy Sackton: rooms for.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think will be staying the night get an early start in the morning.
Mike Sackton: We will be heading West.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so six of you it's three gold.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that exorbitant.
Timothy Sackton: high.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we look well to do.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Probably if kenzo and jar showed up by themselves, they would be charged quite that much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure what's this guy saved again.
Timothy Sackton: You never asked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what's your name, sir.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Mr.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Omar, and perhaps later in the evening after things have quieted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm a monk of visual.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in search of stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From the people of this land and perhaps we could spend a little time by the fire and because learn a little bit about you and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your in your journey.
Timothy Sackton: And sort of i've go slightly why he says, of course I would be honored to speak with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wonderful then i'll find you.
Timothy Sackton: After you've had time to settle down no charge for your rooms just just.
Timothy Sackton: To gold five silver for the rest of your companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's very that's very quiet.
Timothy Sackton: long speech mistake free in my establishment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you, thank you, Mr We appreciate your generosity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think the the stories have done more on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The storytellers have done more for for a very long time, have been have been quiet and certainly amongst.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My friends, here we do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: appreciate learning and telling about the stories of those who who walk the walk the lands here.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed there.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not sure my story is particularly interesting, but I will be glad to share it with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I look forward to hearing it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A little notes Doc, by the way, similar i'm keeping track of the little the stories that i've been tracking so far.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you know what i'm gonna start doing i'm going to start whittling little little fucking with things like the people like a little little and maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome yeah i'll start i'll start with a little in like really crappy initially crappy but they'll get better figurines and maybe maybe secret, you can help me augment them with some.
Eric Rosenbaum: Absolutely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: augmented earthen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: properties.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): accessories like a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little like bow and arrow you can stick on yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you know I wonder yeah maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I should keep the little thing, or should we should I Whittle it and then give it to them, yes, think makes more sense, you know it's like I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think you should give it to them and trade for their story.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's great perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: You well it's tricky because you want to whittle as you listen, but you also need to be writing this stuff down and scroll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: You can remember.
that's magic.
Timothy Sackton: For you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: scroll this was my and it's also like you know it's like an oral tradition to you know you sit and listen so it's like yeah so if that's a great i'll little little as date they tell a story that's Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The story structure for the retelling of it may not be the way that they tell it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): True.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally actually I think you know we are sorry i'm like how to set on having this media lab moment because they're actually Eric did some like future of storytelling crap but a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice niche for shorts or for welby, we should like a because this is part of your craft as well right, like you, how do you how does well be like engage with storytelling and practice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So for athletes like storyteller is much more of like a defined practice like in the same way that you might be a musician.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): proficient with an instrument, and so I think for wellbeing it's like it's really important.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like I did in the last city like to share those stories or to find a storyteller to pass them on to but I don't think, at least at this stage of LIFE I don't think he's like a story collector Teller himself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it Okay, but seeker seeker does right seekers interested in that.
well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret has his own approach to like creating artifacts that.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm just play with the idea of embedding a story and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Choose your own adventure book about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rather than.
Eric Rosenbaum: tabletop role playing game about Raven old.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah so so kenza definitely like explains about secret well be like kind of what he's what he's hoping to do with these figurines and so so yeah like of see you know seeker, you can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cancel is going to be doing, probably, hopefully, like a lot of these so you can like augment them somehow has like little special gifts for the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: recipients of the stories.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can compare notes i'll show you some of my prior stone figurines and say like oh yeah really works well.
Eric Rosenbaum: To get my facial expression, if you go deep with it, and like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm like tempted personally natl like start woodworking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like as we, as we play them.
Mike Sackton: Just don't carve anything into my parents table.
Eric Rosenbaum: I actually bought a winning riddling knife last summer, and I did play with it a little bit it's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think you know to buy some softer pieces of wood, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's really hard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To be clear, it was shorts that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was the one that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah always supports that.
Mike Sackton: They forgave them eventually after 20 years.
Mike Sackton: Actually, that that table was an art is my dining room table now they got finished.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I felt very, very bad I was this teenager but also.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): gotten over that until this moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just wait till you start carving into ship, but they shouldn't be.
Timothy Sackton: yeah just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just don't tell that story much.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so what are you doing in the end.
Timothy Sackton: Before you talk to Mr and hear anything.
Mike Sackton: I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): want to talk to the the mystery here and see if I can get more maps or detail about the road ahead i'm especially worried about like ambush points or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where my up there be a place along the road that a dragon would make a layer caves or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whatever I can get from.
Mike Sackton: hey go take a walk just wander through the town for a little bit and just.
Mike Sackton: I mean be open, like he's not gonna like a poke into people's business, but like an Elf walking around if people are like.
Mike Sackton: yeah asking I kind of like just here are there, people sharing rumors about going West or the people who are interested what's the feeling like is everybody like we're scared of this like.
Mike Sackton: that's kind of the vibe.
Timothy Sackton: Town is generous it's like six buildings and about.
Mike Sackton: 1510 spaces yeah well.
But.
Mike Sackton: But why, but I wonder, I mean if.
Mike Sackton: When something sunset as the Southern reset.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you've got yeah the sun, the sun is setting you have maybe an hour till dark.
Timothy Sackton: How about.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you are you doing the rest of you doing anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: sitting at a table in the.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the in drawing pictures of dragons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas Kansas with with seeker on this new arts and crafts kicks so he's also like sitting and just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Trying to use your secrets doing some dragon dragon stuff he's going to start.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, try to try to Fuck around with it and kiss was bad, by the way, he's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very bad like it's like they're not attractive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like pieces of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wood that he's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Making he's.
Timothy Sackton: ready and you've been doing this for like.
Timothy Sackton: Four days now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Basically, oh yeah yeah I mean he's he's very determined, but also very bad like very, very bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Things it would like stone has a green.
Eric Rosenbaum: You gotta move with the Green.
Timothy Sackton: Right Joe has like sort of.
Timothy Sackton: leaning over and every now and then just kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: part of my problem is I run headfirst into things so My instinct is to not go with the grain, but to like cut into it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that instinct appears to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Leading me to poor places in the context of this willing thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know it's almost as though there's like a philosophy or a lesson that I should learn through through through middling this would but I don't think i'm learning it yet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so i'm.
Timothy Sackton: dealt with why don't you roll.
Timothy Sackton: charisma check but add your your proficiency of your proficiency in investigation.
Timothy Sackton: So charisma investigation.
Timothy Sackton: So Okay, so you you spend an hour kind of wandering around.
Timothy Sackton: You know the the town is chatty but really it's almost like you're drawing too much attention, like everybody is chatting about you everybody wants to know your story like.
Timothy Sackton: Where did the outcome from are you that out from Carolina are you that you know they've heard rumors of the caraway out like you know one person is like oh yeah I remember, there was in House there 10 years ago was that you like the all over the state and.
Timothy Sackton: That you don't so it's hard to really hear much about the.
Timothy Sackton: You know rumors you do get the sense that people are nervous right like you know.
Timothy Sackton: The guards put on the like various people who are trying to be hard it's guards put on a brave face, but like basically won't go unless somebody hires like 10 or 15 right like nobody wants to go off just with his buddy or her buddy.
Timothy Sackton: But it's hard to get a lot of your your drawing too much attention, like everybody is just you know kind of.
Timothy Sackton: The rumors of your party have reached here right, and so you know.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody just wants to like get close to the hero of caraway and like hear your story.
Timothy Sackton: share one.
Timothy Sackton: And do here one like sort of common thread, which is that there's a lot of people who think so there's been bandits in the hills for.
Timothy Sackton: For some months exacerbated considerably by the refugee issues in Tokyo and and the East, and there is a decent number of people who think it's all just a track like somehow the bandits have come up with a way to convince people there's a dragon.
Timothy Sackton: And they're using it to.
Timothy Sackton: scare people other people are like what no Why would they do that they want people on the road, so they can rob them it doesn't make sense for them to.
Timothy Sackton: Say there's like this debate right, but you don't get much else besides that um well be you sit down and talk to these.
Mike Sackton: guys i'll just anybody who's I mean i'll make it known that were always considering that we're going West tomorrow and i'm not going to promise anybody can join us.
Mike Sackton: who expresses interest i'll encourage them to come by the end, maybe, nobody does.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait why, why are we trying to get people to join us out.
Mike Sackton: I just want to know who might want to join us.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: We don't have to say, they can join us right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're definitely gonna get fucking followed by somebody right.
Mike Sackton: wouldn't it be good to have a bunch of like more people with us, I don't know I think numbers will be bad, but anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we actually encounter dragon.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: They cannot the horses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can steal the horses.
Mike Sackton: For faith and people in that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be you sit down and you talk with the with the Miss die um.
Timothy Sackton: That you know they're not super chatty they they kind of feel like the sense, you get from them, as you know, they know it's their job to clear this road.
Timothy Sackton: They talks to people and toker and we're like we need an army, they did not encounter the dragon but they believe the rumors um the thing you learned from them is that.
Timothy Sackton: So you go maybe 7080 miles West and you come to a place where there used to be a bunch of old mining towns like back before the Great War kind of up in the hills there's a banded minds and things and in their mind that there's plenty of like perfect layers for dragging in there.
Timothy Sackton: So they are.
Timothy Sackton: They are waiting.
Timothy Sackton: They are waiting for what they hope will be a substantial troop 15 or 20 soldiers.
Timothy Sackton: To go clear out the dragon and maybe they say they drove some bandits off the road.
Timothy Sackton: So the road goes.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 6070 miles from here before it comes to the main stretch of the copper hills and it's right in the bandits have been sort of most a problem right when you approach the hills there's a few places where the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the road passes under a cliff or something like that that make decent ambushes.
Timothy Sackton: and, generally speaking, though, you know they don't ask for much and they've never heard anybody who paid their toll so most travelers don't actually have a big problem with the bandits they just treat it as a tax and doing you know the road tax effective like um.
Timothy Sackton: But they've you know they drove them off they think they have a layer you know they have a camp or a base somewhere to the south right where the the.
Timothy Sackton: Right, where the road and characters that the hills, then the road continues through the hills for another 40 miles and it's toward the end of that 40 mile stretch right where you get to the point where you can see there's this old.
Timothy Sackton: This old tower.
Timothy Sackton: Like pre done Mari but not drink Korean it's a strange tower that's.
Timothy Sackton: About 20 miles north of the road up on a hill when you get to the point where you can see that, when you start to be able to see that tower which you can see, for like 5060 miles because it's it sticks up to my horizon on this hill.
Timothy Sackton: that's where to the south of the road there's these old mining towns and they suspect that.
Timothy Sackton: There might actually be a dragon there.
Timothy Sackton: So they're all kind of like nervous and then abandoned for one thing, but like.
Timothy Sackton: we're sort of stealing them themselves up for taking an army of 20 soldiers to go try and kill a dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): thank them for the information.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll share the news from Tokyo about the this sort of uneasy truce for the time being, between the two.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): claimants to the throne stuff.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah that the idea of miss dianna sort of i'm not super concerned well at least the ones don't seem super concerned, but that they um so so the the mistake order of audio is like they're.
Timothy Sackton: A major part of their charges keeping the road safe for travelers and they they're sort of like we're you know.
Timothy Sackton: None of those politics matters to us we're going to keep the road safe whoever is seated on the throne, and I are.
Timothy Sackton: and August, they will not get involved in any done Marty contract right like they are gears soldiers won't fight for they in fact don't ever fight specifically for the King either right they're not part of a dumb Mari army.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To.
order.
Timothy Sackton: Like the knights templar.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm gonna ask them, you know with the bandits that they chased off the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sometimes in our travels when we've come across things like that we've made it a point to follow and pursue and destroy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Would you do the same thing if you were in our shoes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm better to let them be.
Timothy Sackton: there's probably.
Timothy Sackton: 20 or 30 of them at least.
Timothy Sackton: I went pursue them without.
Timothy Sackton: Without a decent army.
Timothy Sackton: And a threat that chart is a toll is much less serious threat than a threat that eats horses and people so.
Timothy Sackton: Until we deal with this rumor dragon they.
Timothy Sackton: can't be our top priority.
Timothy Sackton: of you, I saw you came in with if you think you can.
Timothy Sackton: subdue a.
Timothy Sackton: Fourth, of 20 bandits and.
Timothy Sackton: Be our guest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did the dragon in the story of the messenger did it carry the horse offer to the take a bite out of the horse.
Timothy Sackton: carried it off and started eating it while it was flying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well that's much, much larger huh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going to try and convince them to come with us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So we're.
Timothy Sackton: make our persuasion jack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And here here's how i'm going to angle it to say we're in something of a hurry, so we can't wait, we also know that we're only three days behind a caravan and that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): doesn't guards or however many they went with so there's people on the road ahead of us will catch up with them, by the time we get there anyways This could be the best shot with the most people for a good long time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I will make a persuasion.
role.
Timothy Sackton: And they.
Timothy Sackton: sort of look at each other.
Timothy Sackton: and respond basically like No, we are, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You should wait their their responses, you should wait for us in a week.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 10 days at most.
Timothy Sackton: We will have a.
Timothy Sackton: army to face this creature.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: We tried to convince the caravan that left before to stay as well.
Timothy Sackton: And trader did not want to and didn't believe the story is, I fear that he is already dead.
Timothy Sackton: And I would urge you.
Timothy Sackton: You know, wait 10 days and come with an army.
Timothy Sackton: we're not going to leave before the rest of our.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of our soldiers arrive, that would be foolhardy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I see your point.
Timothy Sackton: it's the offer stands if you'd like to wait.
Timothy Sackton: we'd be happy to have five more.
Timothy Sackton: In our group but.
Timothy Sackton: yeah we won't be leaving until we are actual source.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very good, but appreciate all of us in the conversation in the notes on the road ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Safe travels.
Timothy Sackton: To you, as well argues blessing.
Timothy Sackton: Good luck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Always.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Gathering back at the end.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody returns after their conversations, to the table you're sitting at.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Trade all note some sure what we heard what I heard.
kate: Things that we know that we probably don't want to speak about in an open tavern I don't know that any of them are that time sensitive if I miss something.
kate: Why are we.
Mike Sackton: Around.
Timothy Sackton: Joe house jada.
Mike Sackton: wasn't Joe Horn, a little bit of a rough.
Timothy Sackton: I mean only just because.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: The lock in monks are trying to you know.
Timothy Sackton: Keep the situation and donmar from spilling over into civil war and like.
Timothy Sackton: Speak the the speaker Lara the like head of the rock and monastery.
Timothy Sackton: felt like she could broker some peace but wanted to get an envoy to the current Samara carnoustie as soon as possible.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: hard to say whether 10 days would make a big difference.
Timothy Sackton: In my Joe Hart certainly is not excited about waiting 10 days.
Timothy Sackton: But if you insisted he probably was.
kate: The diplomatic urgency.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And even though we're a couple of months behind this guy that we're trying to track down DARPA I mean 10 days could still make a difference.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe he'll find the cloak and leave with it, if you wait.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, my God, I see the dragon and now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The dragon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dragon is devouring seeker oh my God.
Eric Rosenbaum: She just wants my ice cream you can't have it.
Mike Sackton: Is.
Mike Sackton: I assume nobody's really interested there's no.
Mike Sackton: it's not like anybody.
Timothy Sackton: wants to be part of this yeah nobody's like showing up.
Timothy Sackton: You know I mean she dared to go.
Mike Sackton: Should we put some effort into trying to drum up a party.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We got this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, though, what are you just concerned that we can't defeat a dragon the six of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The five of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: six of us likes a jar can't really fight so the violence.
kate: he's a good horse posture.
Mike Sackton: and never find a dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There weren't there dragons flying everywhere before the Great War.
Mike Sackton: They were not common ever.
Eric Rosenbaum: And, but if you draw like a straight line between where we are and where we're going the dragons like right on the line right, so we just have to like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's no option here and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe the bailouts and hopeless dragon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the other question is, why do we have to fight the dragon can we befriend the dragon like well why, why does it instantly have to be this like acrimonious relationship like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very seriously, why why can't we are dragons and intelligence like can we communicate with them and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Even some horses, maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what did what two dragons want horses food.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: treasure like what.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the stories are all about treasure mostly.
Timothy Sackton: or other more esoteric things last magic or secrets or.
Timothy Sackton: We give it the same knowledge or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We give it the Center.
kate: yeah that's a great idea.
Mike Sackton: I was thinking of backup plan is to use the sector to command the track.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now you're talking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All things that will end well.
Eric Rosenbaum: First, I use polymorphous to turn it into.
Eric Rosenbaum: hopes.
Mike Sackton: Anyway, I.
Mike Sackton: strength in numbers may not be a bad thing, but also.
Mike Sackton: Certainly not necessary.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): TIM how fast is the caravan traveling or how fast what I expect to kevin's travel.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, probably.
Timothy Sackton: unlikely well it's hard to say, because in normal circumstances, the care of a group probably go no more than like 15 miles a day like that's how widely space, the the ins are on the main trade road and they wouldn't really be moving massively faster on this last good road.
Timothy Sackton: But one could go quite a bit faster than that at need and your sense from talking to just your sense of the this like little settlement here is that anybody who has wet wet now would be somebody who had some pressing need to.
Timothy Sackton: go quickly after the messenger came through right with the news of this dragon.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You know, potentially somebody could go 25 miles a day, even with a you know, a decent caravan of courses, as long as they had enough, as long as they had spare horses and sort of enough scale.
Timothy Sackton: wouldn't be a pleasant journey and if they were traveling with like you know.
Timothy Sackton: bottles of wine or something would probably be a bad idea, but it's one of the cargo wasn't breakable.
Timothy Sackton: So they could have gotten 75 100 miles in it.
Timothy Sackton: isn't always.
Mike Sackton: Was but 150 miles.
Timothy Sackton: 150 mile stretch.
Mike Sackton: How fast a week of religious.
Timothy Sackton: depends on how.
Timothy Sackton: Much you want to push yourself.
Timothy Sackton: Well, how, if I had a faster pace right you could go 30 miles a day.
Timothy Sackton: Right that's you know, like not you know not trying to be subtle, just like riding hard on the road, and if you wanted to travel into the night, you could extend that by a decent amount each day at the risk of you know, wearing out your animals.
Timothy Sackton: But the best case scenario, you could you know.
Timothy Sackton: Go like you could probably covered the whole distance in four days.
Timothy Sackton: and definitely in five.
Timothy Sackton: But it will be a tiring a difficult journey, if you pursue.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Okay.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll sleep them head on.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so kenzo speaks to our.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He wasn't a nice word peace and.
Timothy Sackton: He starts to starts to tell you His story, so he grew up around here somewhat south of here in the in the harm river Valley.
Timothy Sackton: And, as he starts to talk about and tell the story of his childhood, you can tell that he's sort of has been remember his his mother died in childbirth and his father didn't really know what to do with him.
Timothy Sackton: And he spent a lot of time alone and never really got on with his extended family, like the clan of people he traveled with many of his cousins and aunts blamed him for his mother's death and he was always kind of a loner.
Timothy Sackton: Until as he tells it when he was 17 which was now about 20 years ago he ran away from home.
Timothy Sackton: Not that home was a fixed place, but he ran away from this family.
Timothy Sackton: spent.
Timothy Sackton: Three years kind of wandering by himself.
Timothy Sackton: On you fairly unusual for Denmark right like it's not necessarily super safe to or easy to survive just traveling across central Dunbar by yourself, ranging you know along both sides of the horror river.
Timothy Sackton: crawling as he tells it increasingly bitter with life.
Timothy Sackton: Until when he was 21 about four years after he ran away from home.
Timothy Sackton: He was.
Timothy Sackton: had just crossed the river in the monsoon of that year as the River floods started to get up and slipped and was washed away.
Timothy Sackton: swept down river was convinced, he was going to die.
Timothy Sackton: And then some desperate hope of.
Timothy Sackton: He doesn't even know what he.
Timothy Sackton: threw his life his.
Timothy Sackton: His prayers everything just in the hands, he just said, he says he just put his fate in the hands of the gods.
Timothy Sackton: And he prayed specifically to audio just saved me and i'll do whatever you want.
Timothy Sackton: And he woke up some time later is not sure.
Timothy Sackton: How long.
Timothy Sackton: When i'm.
Timothy Sackton: In the back of a wagon listening to a strange language which he later learned was dervish.
Timothy Sackton: and spent the next 10 years of his life.
Timothy Sackton: Living.
Timothy Sackton: Among the dwarves of escondido.
Timothy Sackton: Had having been rescued by a Torben trader.
Timothy Sackton: caravan of Durban traders moving traveling from Tokyo to turn Turner who fish them out of the River convinced, he was dead, but treated him the best they could.
Timothy Sackton: During that time he.
Timothy Sackton: He spent a lot of his life wondering what he had been saved for.
Timothy Sackton: Until.
Timothy Sackton: What maybe, six, seven years ago.
Timothy Sackton: He decided to go back and and find his father.
Timothy Sackton: And just tried to make amends for his life.
Timothy Sackton: And you know wasn't that hard he he had been staying away he stayed in this Gandhi, because he didn't believe wants to reconcile with his family.
Timothy Sackton: He discovered that his family had.
Timothy Sackton: built this in.
Timothy Sackton: And was now.
Timothy Sackton: after he had left his father had blamed himself and actually a lot of his family had blame themselves for his childhood and didn't know where to find them thought he was dead.
Timothy Sackton: But had sort of ceased wandering and settled in this end.
Timothy Sackton: And he returned with scars and a bad arm not really able to.
Timothy Sackton: You know rider or fight.
Timothy Sackton: But when he found his family and sort of reconciled with them just now six or seven years ago, his father was very sick.
Timothy Sackton: And he agreed to sort of take over the.
Timothy Sackton: The duty of keeping people safe who pass through these lands and so since then he's seen his.
Timothy Sackton: purpose as.
Timothy Sackton: You know, making sure that everybody who leaves this place leaves with what they need and everybody who comes gets whatever they need to be safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Beautiful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, and for the for the story, and you know again i'm kind of patiently whittling and it's not that beautiful the the piece that I make, but after after he finishes sharing, I offer him, and I say you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm still learning the craft, but I hope you'll accept this is actually the first figurine i've ever carved for anybody, so I hope you'll appreciate this as a gesture and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A token to remember our time together and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm honored to have your story as a part of the larger candidate reshma now.
Timothy Sackton: I am quite honored to stop the gift I am you.
Timothy Sackton: did not expect to be.
Timothy Sackton: blessed by the gods more than once in a lifetime.
Timothy Sackton: it's sort of like slightly tears up a little bit like.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: I will treasure last.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you for sharing your story, indeed, it will live on.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: seem cut to the morning anything else you want to do.
No.
Timothy Sackton: So so what's your.
Timothy Sackton: What are you all doing as you wake up from a comfortable sleep in the beds of this m.
Mike Sackton: think we set out.
Mike Sackton: Is there anything else, we need to do in town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we fucking bit pay very careful attention for people following us.
Mike Sackton: And how the weird the Tower thing how far along was that.
Timothy Sackton: um it's about halfway.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To the side quests.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that shorts you wearing a Jurassic trail T shirt right Nancy it's great.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: Why don't let's see.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see as you're riding along this road right well be as continuing to keep an eye out.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Joe Harris sort of huddled nears sticking close to kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody out scouting.
Timothy Sackton: or giving anything, besides just kind of riding normally you're just riding along the road right nobody's like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah not like it's super easy to hide but.
Timothy Sackton: i'd are you.
Timothy Sackton: You know what sort of pace, do you want to go here right are you writing as hard as you can, are you taking a sort of normal pace.
Mike Sackton: Well, on the road, was the dragon attack supposedly.
Timothy Sackton: Once the Tower comes in sight so.
Timothy Sackton: So maybe 70 miles.
Mike Sackton: So I think we should go a fairly quick pace, I would go as fast as we can reasonably.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The first couple of days.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, like I had mentioned feeding a horse to the dragon.
Timothy Sackton: Should we have bought try and buy it somewhere says.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like one extra one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah are bad idea, actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bonita some.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): salt and pepper.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like not nice not not at not like an expensive horse, just like me course.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean we respect the lives of all creatures, but sometimes he's.
Timothy Sackton: What is the.
Mike Sackton: Secret word you the one who.
Timothy Sackton: did not want to.
Timothy Sackton: go down your.
Timothy Sackton: case here.
Mike Sackton: We wanted to protect taster and now you're buying a.
Mike Sackton: Fresh taste, or simply to be a dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's it's not defeat the dragon it's to lower the dragon in so that we can earn its trust and be friend it.
Eric Rosenbaum: How does one deal with dragons I don't have experience with this person.
Timothy Sackton: I mean horses are not cheap that's like one of the main stores of wealth in Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: And, especially in.
Timothy Sackton: A place like this you're not going to get you know, a cheap deal on a horse right it's certainly.
Timothy Sackton: possible to buy horses, but you're talking about.
Timothy Sackton: You know 10 to 100 gold not you know, a handful of silver's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think the dragon is gonna be really full after eating the whole caravan.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: No extra hours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The.
Eric Rosenbaum: Old taster protectively.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't know yeah with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean history.
Timothy Sackton: died so.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's good mentioned a lot and is fed regularly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly get to go off leash all the time, but.
Timothy Sackton: um okay so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For the testers I taste her hunger relief from time to time.
Timothy Sackton: For the first couple of days let's say, for the first day as you're writing sort of across.
Timothy Sackton: The terrain here following the road you know, trying to trying to put like 30 miles between you and the end before nightfall well be, can you make a perception check, but with disadvantage because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: 1111 okay so it's you know fairly on eventful ride rains again in the afternoon, of course, the road is muddy.
Timothy Sackton: But the road is pretty straight and clear here, and so you know you don't have anybody on the road you don't see anybody.
Timothy Sackton: north or south road first day passes pretty uneventful aim.
Timothy Sackton: And that gets you maybe 30 miles.
Timothy Sackton: So now, you and, as the end as sort of get to the end of the day here, you can see, ahead of you to the south and the West, the.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of line of hills, but the sort of beginning of this.
Timothy Sackton: Of the copper hills here, and so this is what the Miss that we're talking about is like where the bandit.
Timothy Sackton: cliff ambushes have tended to be like probably sometime the middle of the day tomorrow you'll be riding through.
Timothy Sackton: The you know places where the road goes paths and clips or something like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's presumably we'll get ambushed.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: By the.
Timothy Sackton: mechanical dragon one by the band i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice I like it.
The.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Unless there's that you stop me if there's anything else you want to do on the road, but i'll just say assuming you're going at the same pace.
Timothy Sackton: For the next day.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we got to start, I think we have to slow it down for day to just given the risk starts to increase.
Eric Rosenbaum: aerial scouting birds that's an excellent idea, or like flying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To see if I can call somebody.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's a fair bit of birdlife here there's there's you know Hawk soaring overhead there's some like little songbird type things there's some crows have a decent number of choices here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No sipping cold.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make it randomly jack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see that was a great idea we should do a lot of animal scouting right just send them around and just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Make circles and see.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you.
Timothy Sackton: You whoo or a Hawk down.
Timothy Sackton: lands and kind of.
Timothy Sackton: cracks its Beak and looks at you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll try to ask it about.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): humans, but then also.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dragons in the nearby vicinity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right question.
Timothy Sackton: says two legs.
Timothy Sackton: Howard it described hills, I guess, on the.
Timothy Sackton: I think Cox understand cliffs so it says.
Timothy Sackton: two legs on the class.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing big.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 10 dragons.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Big big big big big big birds.
Timothy Sackton: I am the biggest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Point down at baxter.
Timothy Sackton: Not a bird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cover his ears.
Mike Sackton: This cliff area is it how it's like is there one spot that we think is the cliffs or is it like spread out for miles.
Timothy Sackton: No, it spread out for miles.
Timothy Sackton: Like you sort of the road, this trail passes close to the edge of these copper hills and there's like a stretch of like maybe five miles, but it's kind of question terrain.
Timothy Sackton: Where there's overhangs to the south.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's.
Mike Sackton: How I see.
Mike Sackton: pinpoint where there are people in the clip Sir.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Be sense.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah for near enough and send it off to go looking.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
Timothy Sackton: um yeah I mean by the time you get so let's say you went there now one two yeah so by about mid day you've sort of gotten to the place where you can see a few miles ahead that the you know the the.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of muddy road passes um.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah you're definitely near enough i'm make a perception check with the advantage.
Timothy Sackton: I guess technically as a.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's fine you can just use your your perception I don't know what a hawks perception your perception is fine um So you see.
Timothy Sackton: You saw you're looking at the ground below you.
Timothy Sackton: spiraling up on the on the thermals and the day and you can see, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Three miles west of here.
Timothy Sackton: um there is a there is a maybe a little more than that let's say five miles west of here, there is a.
Timothy Sackton: There is a particular place where there's a series of sort of steep hills that go up with like a little shelf on them and sort of crouched hidden among the rocks you see three archers watching the road and then one.
Timothy Sackton: Like person would like chain mail and a heavy crossbow it seems to be like the Leader captain of this little groups of four of them in total.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there anyone else, like nearby or their reinforcements within shouting distance or running distance or anything.
Timothy Sackton: No, and they seem well hidden it looks like they've probably been here for.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: You know, maybe a day or two there's you can see the.
Timothy Sackton: remains of a campfire kind of.
Timothy Sackton: On the other side of a little rise that wouldn't be visible from the road there's like a little bit of a.
Timothy Sackton: camp area that's not the camp areas and nobody's trying to hide it but it's because of the way the land roles, the hill roles that would be you could never see it from the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, well i'll relay that back I, I think we should pass by without a fight if we can.
Mike Sackton: find out if they know anything about the dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's fair.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could convince them.
Eric Rosenbaum: With with with a fake dragon.
Mike Sackton: It was you said, like tour for them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to visit some other means.
Mike Sackton: I don't think they're gonna fight us he.
Mike Sackton: Do you think they're going to want to fight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well let's let's bring the trap before they spring it on us.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I did get close just give a big shout and say hey do you guys.
Mike Sackton: wow or you know.
Mike Sackton: fly up behind them.
kate: yeah this kind of thing in a climb up behind them.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah if we could plot a path to surprise them from.
Eric Rosenbaum: The way the direction they're not looking.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's it's rough terrain, but you certainly could negotiate a wide loop that comes around like pastor campsite behind them and they don't seem to be paying any attention to anything but the road, I mean sometimes you're not noted, as a group, for being particularly stealthy but.
Timothy Sackton: As long as the dwarves get lucky, they would certainly not notice you.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: The alternative is use magic to.
Mike Sackton: freak them out.
hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: fly up on them, or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
kate: what's the weather like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's hot and humid you have probably an hour or two until.
Timothy Sackton: The afternoon rain.
Mike Sackton: afternoon range i'd like a great time to come up behind them.
kate: possibly do something with magic that will freak them out.
Mike Sackton: I say approach their camp during the afternoon.
kate: it's down.
kate: To have a certain weight.
kate: To timer ambush ambush.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it'll slow you down a bit I mean just going off the road to pick your way through these hills is going to slow you down something.
kate: mean to cast that I was just trying to repeat it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so we'll just.
Eric Rosenbaum: capture them briefly to ask find out what they know and then yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we I don't think we will all be successful at sneaking.
Eric Rosenbaum: dwarves might hang back yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But what if what if we like pincer them and send.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): them within me around back we've got the message stone, so we can coordinate with cancer and the two of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that would.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): arrive at the same time or less.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was stumble on up the road unsuspecting a party of three.
Mike Sackton: Sudden the party of four with Joe higher up the road.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, for it, yes.
You can do that fine.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So whoever is sneaking around the back, make us dope jack.
Mike Sackton: cells that actually that good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Turn invisible.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's terrible, oh no.
Mike Sackton: let's listen let's turn visible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That was a good idea, because I was totally stealthy I can possibly be.
Mike Sackton: visible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): kind of it with advantage.
Mike Sackton: It with Joe highlight to be invisible to would it make them feel better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: make a.
Timothy Sackton: jar feel better yeah he's being sent as part of the bait right.
Mike Sackton: So we're him that is going to vanish.
Mike Sackton: Unexpectedly, as soon as I left to do something else.
Timothy Sackton: Alright, so you're sneaking as well that way.
Mike Sackton: yeah but it isn't.
Timothy Sackton: So make still make a stop jack you can roll with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the two of you creep invisibly behind this takes a few hours to set up right.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the now three of you, the two doors and kenzo continue to ride presumably with Joe with three spare horses right because to spare horses on xp.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could be like messengers or something um.
Mike Sackton: Yes, there was a CS not uncommon right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the xp a little bit weird um.
Timothy Sackton: So you.
Timothy Sackton: So wait, what is your planning, what are the stuff people doing you're just getting behind them.
Eric Rosenbaum: And is go for it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The plan is to get.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): get behind and then cover them so that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When we're talking or negotiating or potentially fighting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we've got them from behind, as well as.
What.
Mike Sackton: Is the road, the road is club me i'm pitching them as being.
Mike Sackton: 200 feet from the road, not a miles.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah like 150 feet, or something.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
i'm.
Mike Sackton: My plan was to go for intimidation.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'm really curious about the timing like you to our weight right you get there, but you're getting there before the the people on the road get there.
Mike Sackton: yeah basically here's my thought we will have talked about this before we did this, but here's my weight will sneak up behind what the what the.
Mike Sackton: Other four go ahead as soon as they make some kind of move like walking like their immediate they just let them go by, then we have to win and improvise but.
Mike Sackton: assuming they like start drawing weapons and what like the preparing to ambush we burst out and do the like we are eighth level scary people, we will kill you if you ain't push our friends who are also scary people that don't do it.
Mike Sackton: Why don't you talk to us about the dragon instead of dying.
Mike Sackton: But i'm curious what they do right, the reason to sneak up behind them is like are they going to try and spring a trap, or they just watching.
Mike Sackton: mechanical dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The fact that there are only four of them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And not like a larger camp nearby seems off to me also.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah after what we heard from the.
Mike Sackton: Oh well just I mean we'll have to we'll have to see what happens right um.
Mike Sackton: But the the basic plan is to be waiting shortly before these guys would come and site and then react, be able to react, based on what they do.
kate: Who did the bird spying show that they also have courses, or they just unplugged.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, they they have they have horseman's picketed in their little camp area.
kate: I think a point of them students to be trying to write off for help to possibly larger group should keep an eye out for that to.
Eric Rosenbaum: The trick is to sneak up and hobbled their horses in the first.
Mike Sackton: Oh it's not.
Timothy Sackton: Not night Okay, so you you.
Timothy Sackton: mean you two are watching them well the four of you right below and they are watching the road.
Timothy Sackton: They don't draw their weapons or anything i'm one of the Archer looking ones takes out a.
Timothy Sackton: What looks like a sort of.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's like a horn like a writing corn, it looks fairly old and.
Mike Sackton: Below it takes out the Horn.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to basically point my sword i'm going to step forward and.
Timothy Sackton: tell her visible.
Mike Sackton: I can become.
Timothy Sackton: visible again.
Mike Sackton: The plane is the step into camp right flash my shadow Armor to be his shadow we frightening as possible point a black sort of his head and tell them to stop with as much intimidation, as I can muster.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's still doing it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah rollin issue.
Timothy Sackton: To see who does their thing first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We all rolling initiative, this just Mike stuff with Dallas.
wow.
Timothy Sackton: Mike as the well as anybody else doing anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going to take studying with the guy with the Horn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Call.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you roll initiative.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I did you I didn't see where.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's in.
Timothy Sackton: There I see it, okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so well be scout then.
Timothy Sackton: So, while the Europe, he is like coming to bring them more into his lips, you get the drop on him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going to say to him telepathically will still invisible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's a bad idea.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To do that if I was you.
Timothy Sackton: know he books freaked out like turns around like.
Timothy Sackton: And stars to blow on the Horn and no sound comes out.
Timothy Sackton: Like you know just his friend has dealt with where do you want to do.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna put my sword on his neck basically and tell them what I said before.
Mike Sackton: Maximum intimidation.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make an intimidation check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
He.
Timothy Sackton: would be a scary and she he.
Timothy Sackton: drops everything.
Timothy Sackton: All three of his friends immediately start riding in three different directions away from the road.
Timothy Sackton: And he just like.
Timothy Sackton: looks almost too scared to speak.
Mike Sackton: What was that what what.
Timothy Sackton: What are you.
Mike Sackton: hunting a dragon.
Timothy Sackton: I am sure they won't bother you that.
Timothy Sackton: No, nobody would in the right mind would.
Timothy Sackton: would try to fight you.
Mike Sackton: that's true.
Timothy Sackton: is trying to like take three steps back.
Timothy Sackton: They probably won't even.
Timothy Sackton: realize it was real I.
Mike Sackton: say.
That.
Timothy Sackton: The ones in the hell, who tack the camp at night.
Timothy Sackton: They won't bother you I promise.
Mike Sackton: Did you some of them with that Horn.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't mean to.
That.
Timothy Sackton: They probably won't think it's real.
Mike Sackton: Well, be you should you should tell our our friends that something might be coming.
Mike Sackton: How many other.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll pass the message on to cancer.
Timothy Sackton: Seven more but they wanted that the only.
Timothy Sackton: The they'll just steal from your camp.
Timothy Sackton: They won't attack you you your to your nose your nose your nose your.
Timothy Sackton: Mind takes another step back, nobody would attack you.
Mike Sackton: Have you heard of this dragon.
Timothy Sackton: dragon know.
Mike Sackton: When was the last group that came through here, did you attack the caravan.
Timothy Sackton: We took a toll.
Timothy Sackton: They paid.
Mike Sackton: Have you traveled west of here.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: where's your camp.
Timothy Sackton: South.
Mike Sackton: How far.
Timothy Sackton: 13 miles.
Mike Sackton: 50 he said.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: he's like glancing down like could I survive the jump.
Mike Sackton: I don't want to kill himself.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm just keeping an eye out for the other three right.
Mike Sackton: I am hoping, well, I mean are they are they like running in terror they like retreating and good work.
Timothy Sackton: No they're running into her.
Mike Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they're like.
Timothy Sackton: You know he is paying attention to our friend we're going to get out while we can.
Mike Sackton: All walk at them running you know i'll yell at them to stop.
Timothy Sackton: They all freeze like look at each other.
Mike Sackton: Come you're all our prisoner you won't be harmed come at me.
Timothy Sackton: They don't move.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I said telepathically tell us what's what's play here.
Mike Sackton: Well, the I have no idea any ideas.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Too scary.
Mike Sackton: I know, on purpose.
Eric Rosenbaum: didn't they had this evening.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We tell them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To go back to their horses meetup with the others, and let us pass in peace and an attack during the night.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You just go, otherwise it sounds like the rest of their party's gonna come.
Mike Sackton: Yes, boy I was thinking i'm.
Mike Sackton: bringing them with us would be good, but sure tell them to run is.
Mike Sackton: So delicate turn back to them.
Mike Sackton: We need to know what is in these health.
Mike Sackton: But we're not here to harm you.
Mike Sackton: were seeking greater dangers further West has any of your party been West.
Timothy Sackton: there's.
Timothy Sackton: there's just ruins.
Mike Sackton: you've been to the ruins any of you.
Timothy Sackton: Not not recently it's not a.
Timothy Sackton: Good place for camp there's.
Timothy Sackton: two.
Timothy Sackton: flooded minds are.
Timothy Sackton: Well, who knows what might creep out of them.
Timothy Sackton: And the.
Timothy Sackton: caves go too far back into deep.
Timothy Sackton: town called was once called Bandar let.
Timothy Sackton: All that that's left to the West and it's.
Timothy Sackton: too risky.
Mike Sackton: yeah not for us we're hunting dragons there anyway.
Mike Sackton: we're gonna pass on blasted me and my friends down there you I pointed to it and you go go go tell your fellows that this was a false alarm and there's nobody to attack here to not bother us.
Timothy Sackton: They like run to their horses it's.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Mike Sackton: there's all pointed a.
Timothy Sackton: trail there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, at us and they're like but isn't there, like a horn that they can blow that slide three three blows means false alarm, you know, like can't they just do that.
Timothy Sackton: Presumably, but this guy too scared to pick up the RT drop.
Mike Sackton: yeah oh i'll pointed this guy if you have a signal.
Mike Sackton: To talk about.
Mike Sackton: false alarm do it, he.
Timothy Sackton: picks up the Horn and.
Timothy Sackton: Like blows like breathe into it no sound comes out, but like.
Timothy Sackton: A few you know 15 seconds later he says it's done.
Timothy Sackton: That they're going to attack.
Mike Sackton: Just in case you'll be our hostages to work through these quests come with us.
Mike Sackton: Then we'll let you go.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And I would say, you might rethink your career banditry is neither safe nor.
Mike Sackton: kinds you know if you went went last I think you'd say when East think you'd find you could make a living somewhere dunmore.
Timothy Sackton: Have you been east.
Timothy Sackton: there's just.
Timothy Sackton: dead animals and poetry that poverty.
Timothy Sackton: can speak.
To.
Mike Sackton: it's getting better.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: Are you tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: yeah tomorrow.
Mike Sackton: awesome.
Mike Sackton: Well, I come with us for now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Thank follow you back down the class like I guess walk behind your horses.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): stone on foot, though.
Mike Sackton: Only for a minute we're only keeping them for a mile till we go past the.
Mike Sackton: Past lives.
Mike Sackton: I was going to be.
Timothy Sackton: The way he made it sound is like they were the advanced Scots and if they saw like the party, they would signal and.
Timothy Sackton: bm that that Attack party would follow the.
Mike Sackton: Ah, OK.
Timothy Sackton: Though, whoever they were going to ambush until evening.
Mike Sackton: Now okay.
Mike Sackton: I thought I thought it was like.
Mike Sackton: I thought it was like doesn't Attack party up ahead now that's not okay I misunderstood that well we'll let him go I just.
Mike Sackton: let it go after a mile.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean you now that you're warned like you can see right about about, not even a mile like half a mile and you can see that there's like a like he even points out like there's a little there's a little cave right in the cliff.
Timothy Sackton: And they have like a little forward base set up there with like eight people in some spare arrows and courses and food and they.
Timothy Sackton: Follow down when when people pass they wait until dark and then they fall down on that katie but they like they're all like the eight of them are like standing in front of the cave like sort of you know.
Timothy Sackton: Like just being obvious about their presence as you walk past with like no weapons their hands or anything.
Mike Sackton: hey to just leave these guys here, but I can't think of what else to do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should tell them that, in a couple of weeks and army of the mist I have.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what's their name.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): they're going to come to destroy them and they would be wise to seek another profession now.
Mike Sackton: that's a great idea.
Mike Sackton: We could, I will I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take all their weapons from.
Mike Sackton: I will, I will I will well I I was yeah i'll tell them that i'll tell them that the the monks of ag here are clearing this road of all obstructions.
Mike Sackton: In a few weeks, starting a week and there's a force of 30 or 40 at least coming this way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, they should pass a small toll.
Mike Sackton: so bad like stealing from them.
Eric Rosenbaum: For some who's the who's the bandit here.
Mike Sackton: I mean they don't walk I presume.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Secret secrets to.
Timothy Sackton: know they certainly don't look well off right like these all seem to be mostly.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to take kensal aside from it and say, do you want to take one of their stories.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love that idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take as a strong word stories are given up.
Mike Sackton: Here one of their stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that's a great idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can ask.
Mike Sackton: i'll suggest it all introduce all basically tell them that my friend, my friend ken's I was a monk or fishman collect stories of of all and that they've done nothing to to.
Mike Sackton: Separate themselves from dishes tradition and he would be he would be glad to hear one of their stories and how they came to this tragedy of their wife.
Timothy Sackton: I love.
Timothy Sackton: Her situation check with the damage.
kate: they're soon going to reform.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love this good cop, bad cop.
Eric Rosenbaum: area up until.
Timothy Sackton: Man you're rolling quite well.
Timothy Sackton: Eight oh wait.
Mike Sackton: I do have a 20 charisma.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that house level eight yep.
Timothy Sackton: um so who do you want to pretty want to convince you definitely convinced, one of them to talk.
Mike Sackton: mean whoever looks like the most kind of has been or is there, somebody who looks like the Leader type.
Timothy Sackton: yeah probably the one with the crossbow and chain mail looks like he's.
been around so long guest.
Mike Sackton: Oh convince him.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
He.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of looks looks a bit skeptically over it.
Timothy Sackton: Over at kenzo but then kind of like looks back at his companions and you know they kind of shrug and then.
Timothy Sackton: You know he's sort of like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, maybe you know, maybe i'll do some good for somebody to listen.
Timothy Sackton: And he looks at you, and he says should I just start talking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's sit first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because I kind of laughs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could.
Eric Rosenbaum: get some shelter from the rain and.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah pot of tea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we can we can bring the temperature down a little bit now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's your name friend.
Timothy Sackton: justin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: justin 10s oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We where are we right now, by the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like what's the.
Timothy Sackton: Like us, on a few miles now you're.
Timothy Sackton: you're sort of passing through the this sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Area of sort of rocky terrain, just at the sort of entrance to this sort of hilly area.
Timothy Sackton: So you're you know you're following the road, you can see, like to the north there's like the open savannah there's trees and grass, the rain is starting to lead up to the south, on the left side of the road there's like a series of like rocky.
Timothy Sackton: crossings that kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Job job job out of the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't we kind of find a spot that's like out of the rain, you know, like a little.
Timothy Sackton: thing, where the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Little spot out of the River kind of days it now yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So by this time I would say it's probably like three in the afternoon perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you know, find a spot for for justin and and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, having grab a seat and yeah and actually you know secret I feel like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In general, you know if you want to come for these sessions and join because you know because, as we create a little artifact we can get kind of do a little little combo work if it makes sense to but yeah it's just sit down and then you know calmly like look at justin and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you familiar with the order of reshma.
Timothy Sackton: I heard of them, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I haven't go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that the order has been quiet for some time, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We endeavor to listen to the stories from the people from the people of this land and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's an honor to hear your story.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: I had a good life once.
Timothy Sackton: grew up.
Timothy Sackton: North of toker.
Timothy Sackton: fertile land, their.
Timothy Sackton: Family raised horses.
Timothy Sackton: traveled quite a bit.
Timothy Sackton: and parents were.
Timothy Sackton: You know, we weren't rich, but we had at the best two times that are heard of.
Timothy Sackton: 40 horses.
Timothy Sackton: travel around cell phone to traders taking them to some.
Timothy Sackton: Some to chart and say our.
Timothy Sackton: Our animals were strong and they were.
Timothy Sackton: We did wow.
Timothy Sackton: Many people would come buy from us.
Timothy Sackton: We weren't famous or anything but.
Timothy Sackton: We were known.
Timothy Sackton: My mother was respected.
Timothy Sackton: What four months ago now, and rumors of the trouble to the east.
Timothy Sackton: started to reach to grow.
Timothy Sackton: We.
Timothy Sackton: My family wanted to help.
Timothy Sackton: me thought.
Timothy Sackton: There must be something we can do for these people these.
Timothy Sackton: Poor travelers fleeing.
compassion for the red.
Timothy Sackton: headed south.
Timothy Sackton: We spend some time tending our herds and.
Timothy Sackton: Trying to.
Timothy Sackton: feed and help the those who came in.
Timothy Sackton: You know why I did what I could I had some skill, with a.
Timothy Sackton: Weapons and volunteered to.
Timothy Sackton: ride the patrols along the river.
Timothy Sackton: Until.
Timothy Sackton: The sickness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's take sickness.
Timothy Sackton: 42 horses dad.
In three days.
Timothy Sackton: My mom killed herself.
Timothy Sackton: My dad didn't know what to do, but we had no money.
Timothy Sackton: No well.
Timothy Sackton: The gods had abandoned us.
Timothy Sackton: i'll because we tried to help.
Timothy Sackton: So I said.
Timothy Sackton: The gods won't provide I will provide.
Timothy Sackton: came out West.
Timothy Sackton: it's been rumors of folks.
Timothy Sackton: hiding in these hills taking what they need.
Timothy Sackton: Once they get a good sack of coin on return to toker and.
Timothy Sackton: Try to.
Timothy Sackton: sell them on my family.
Timothy Sackton: The gods.
Timothy Sackton: Take.
Timothy Sackton: don't see why we shouldn't take back.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody who rides down this road with horses and money.
Timothy Sackton: How many of them, he tried to help.
Timothy Sackton: And we're blessed forward instead of cursed.
Timothy Sackton: Why were we cursed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did we get an extra horse, or do you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Get extra hours.
kate: We didn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have a like, if I were to give this guy something like what can I give them from our party treasures, or something like give them.
Mike Sackton: We have money.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
kate: Eight friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or something of value, I can give him.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can make him a nice figurine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm already doing that, with not very nice.
Mike Sackton: mean.
Mike Sackton: We go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I can get them in I can give me the end of nfc of my figure he.
kate: Doing you know anybody in Tokyo.
kate: He could introduce himself to or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well that's an interesting question.
Mike Sackton: We could send them to Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what.
Mike Sackton: He.
Mike Sackton: Take come in, she needs people who are willing to fight I just don't know if that's a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is not a good idea if we started saying if rumor gets out that oh yeah the fucking party of the heroes of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: terawatt like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are arming Sarah like I said a.
Timothy Sackton: hurting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just doing wonders for our reputation.
Mike Sackton: wow I didn't say it out loud.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But do we have is there is there is there is there, something we can give them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Much to see me once he's got a good set of going he said how how much is that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah absolutely I asked him that yeah like.
Timothy Sackton: wow I mean it is a good track.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of poetry.
Timothy Sackton: You know I heard of 40 horses would be.
Timothy Sackton: A lot that's like you know at least 1000 gold, but, of course, that would be for an extended family, not just for him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right.
Timothy Sackton: You know your senses he's.
Timothy Sackton: Probably what he means by a good SEC gold, something that can settle his oh and um.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah from your leg just beach in a sense, you do get the sense, he is like he's in you know it's definitely true that, like his.
Timothy Sackton: His uh you know all of us has died like his family's in rough shape like.
Timothy Sackton: A few of the details, you can tell are slightly embellish like his mother is probably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: good to know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay there's a little less likely to give us some shit that if he's not being totally genuine.
Timothy Sackton: he's like playing off the sob story a little bit right like not you know, this is the basic facts of the case are in the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: exam okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, and then yeah is there, do we have a good source of party treasure and maybe we can give them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All sorts of stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wearable stuff as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm trying to like or yeah like there's so many we can Oh, maybe, maybe we can send them to go a like to go work at the end or something like that they'll make some honest money at the end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In toker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because that other guy like.
Timothy Sackton: home and actually I am.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: curious yeah Curie and the innkeeper.
Mike Sackton: Here you know what's anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well he's fucking he loves us, and he loves that uh the mission, but like like this area like if, like again it's like pretty cool everybody's very into like the they have they all have this nostalgia for reshma and, like the storytelling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I think if, like, I sent him to go talk to curious, who also share the story of reshma it's like a little you know it's like a little like pay it forward type of thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could hire them to come kill the dragon with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: ooh guy you're talking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably that caravan that pass through a couple days ago he's all dead in their stuff is either in the layer scattered across the road.
Mike Sackton: that's an interesting idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
kate: we're some of them will die.
Eric Rosenbaum: If only we had some way to play.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): level yokels If only we could command a group of people all at.
Once.
Eric Rosenbaum: device.
Mike Sackton: Some.
Mike Sackton: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did this after.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Getting just.
Timothy Sackton: A currently holds.
Mike Sackton: The rope has a Center come on the rope is commanding us all.
Eric Rosenbaum: commander rope yes Captain rope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah i'll OK OK so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I say, I say to him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I understand the seeds of your bitterness and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I to experience great bitterness at the hands of others.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And at the hands of fates but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps our encounter is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a part of the unfolding in a way that may be positive for you and your companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Firstly.
Firstly, well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: upon your return to to grow if you are interested in some honest work and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The innkeeper at the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's the innkeeper which cured in their.
hands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: curious.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The innkeeper securian on the innkeeper.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He would be he might be able to offer you some honest work and is a good man and also is attuned to be schema stories, but perhaps we can offer you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some work as aware, even though you're aware of the rumors of beasts on this road and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps we can offer you some gold to join us, you and your party.
Timothy Sackton: mysteries that friends and something right a dragon.
Who knows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who knows.
Timothy Sackton: How much are you offering.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: telepathic little while the who's who's our finance here who's the treasure of our group.
Mike Sackton: Think wealthy is a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lobbyist here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think so.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should offer them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The goods that they find the trade first.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That they get.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The trade goods.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah remains if the caravan.
Mike Sackton: yep that's offered I mean we want them to actually come with us that's offered gold to.
kate: me let's offer like a payment for just sort of travel with.
kate: And then, if they actually have to fight then spoils of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah the caravan.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the cash flow and to give some fraction up front.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When.
justin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You take took recording now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's talk about the concept of value for a moment.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This gold valuable.
Because we think it's valuable.
Mike Sackton: heard a Fiat currency.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much gold should be offer will be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What TIM what's like a going rate for caravan guard say.
Timothy Sackton: mean a typical caravan and guardian normal times might get you know, a gold per day.
Timothy Sackton: For a trip.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the weather.
Timothy Sackton: But that would be you know for somebody not expecting danger you'd have to pay considerably more than that for come fight a dragon with me.
kate: But couldn't the extra amount be.
kate: Wherever the dragon has, you can have some of it.
Mike Sackton: wow these are also.
Mike Sackton: Clearly, people who are somewhat on the desperate edge of things right.
Mike Sackton: yeah me too, but another way, what would be would be the equivalent of $10,000.
Mike Sackton: That like 100 gold 50 gold thousand gold.
Timothy Sackton: Like 1000 gold or something.
Mike Sackton: I mean so like so like a life changing amount of money for this guy would probably be more like 1000 gold anything else.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much gold, we have.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have 300 something in cash and then a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very much larger amount in gems in art yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe how about we offer is there is there, like a gentleman can give away, we can we can get what.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why don't we do a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A goal to person, a day.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Plus 10 gold per person per combat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So if we see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To get an extra 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And did they get to keep the treasure from the Kevin.
Mike Sackton: I would double all those numbers and we want them to accept.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean start low and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The album well we'll start with the low offer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll say you know goal today at 1010 per we if we if we actually have combat and then do we offer them also the caravan.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All the all the trade goods of the caravan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the trade goods of the caravan which we expect.
kate: Yes, spoils of whenever.
Mike Sackton: A trade goods, we find, I think, is what we're like basically were reserving all the magic for us and they get the trinkets.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Correct they get the trade goods yeah.
Timothy Sackton: he's sort of looks to his companions.
Timothy Sackton: They can.
Timothy Sackton: make up persuasion check with.
Timothy Sackton: advantage, whoever whoever is either kenzo or dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: Whichever one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You got dollar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: persuasion.
Mike Sackton: He said with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: yeah one of you can roll with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see down here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think that was.
Timothy Sackton: 2826 26 three checks.
No.
Timothy Sackton: he's sort of like eyes his little troop here and kind of looks back at you, and says.
Mike Sackton: i'll add if he's looking at certain don't forget your other choices flee from the monks of ag here.
Mike Sackton: can keep this racket going.
Timothy Sackton: All the treasure and all that trade goods and coin.
Timothy Sackton: That we might find on the road, plus your offer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All the trade good half the coin, that we find on the road, not what we find in the dragon slayer.
Mike Sackton: find a pile of 10,000 gold you'll be fairly reward, we are not in this for the money.
Timothy Sackton: he'll.
Mike Sackton: Probably said it for the money.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Now I have to run a call with eight and PCs thanks guys.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you're gonna die so fast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now that we've struck this bargain, can we take a quick break.
Timothy Sackton: yeah let's take a break.
Timothy Sackton: Okay perfect five minute break yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then dragon fight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, oh my God.
awesome.
kate: hey TIM yeah yeah I could turn a weapon into a magical weapon.
kate: yeah if I do a blessing of the forge it just causes that to have an extra bonus attack or damaged told that it's not still technically and magical weapon it's just magically enhanced weapon.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's a magic weapon.
It is.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
kate: and ask see seeker if there's any particular possible secret you're here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
kate: The secret know there's a likelihood that our.
kate: New crew will succeed better at fighting dragons that their weapon is at least one one more weapon among them as magical as opposed to not.
Eric Rosenbaum: It couldn't hurt, I suppose, the question is, if we can trust them with powerful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Weapons.
Eric Rosenbaum: These are mercenary folks they're bandits they're not.
Eric Rosenbaum: necessarily so loyal to us.
Mike Sackton: We have multiple weapons to give them.
kate: My God.
kate: To make for me to bless a weapon, I can bless I can bless a record.
kate: For the next day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps.
kate: or until I die.
Eric Rosenbaum: in Kansas.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because it doesn't have a magical staff.
Mike Sackton: It Kansas hands are magical it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: True, but it's hard to punch the dragon.
Mike Sackton: I think you can.
Mike Sackton: Watch anything.
Mike Sackton: His staff right because he's in the middle of carpet.
Mike Sackton: yeah there's a car.
Eric Rosenbaum: It doesn't have one at all.
Timothy Sackton: No, he has.
Mike Sackton: He got out oh yes yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But he's still working on making his one from the branch of the tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: And will be already has a magical bow right.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep.
Mike Sackton: didn't somebody did while we take the magic sword.
yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and has already made a critical hit with it right.
Mike Sackton: On right.
kate: On down.
Eric Rosenbaum: On you yeah that was amazing very first strike.
kate: i'm just saying I I, I know that there are some creatures out there who can barely be him at all, unless the weapon attacker and this magical and I don't know if that's true of dragons.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, perhaps sylar and chanting the crossbow.
Eric Rosenbaum: couldn't hurt.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of the leader.
Mike Sackton: I think, Canada should salsa them all to see if any of them are seeking our have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, can you do a whole bunch of soul, citing it once.
Timothy Sackton: And do what each one in turn.
Mike Sackton: over again, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: yeah riding with him for a day or two yeah how you get to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's him twice.
Mike Sackton: Because I bet you there's one of them was totally planning backstabbing us are weaving in the night or whatever right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, moving away and panics.
Mike Sackton: more likely leaving I mean I feel like they probably there's enough fear.
Mike Sackton: I mean we're.
Mike Sackton: Clearly, powerful people right like I doubt they would like decide to turn on us would be my guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: They might try to steal our stuff and run away in the night.
Mike Sackton: They might mobile keep we keep all our stuff in a portable whole what would they steal.
Timothy Sackton: which we don't need a horse.
Mike Sackton: They still a horse.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): baxter skirt and courses.
Timothy Sackton: that's true that's true.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty scary looking himself.
Mike Sackton: and dealt with barely sleeps that little stand there staring at them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know magical weapon baxter.
Mike Sackton: Does secret secret doesn't have a magic weaponry oh let's see I guess the.
Timothy Sackton: seeker is reduced to.
Timothy Sackton: Using a weapon.
Timothy Sackton: The things of God so horribly wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's correct.
Timothy Sackton: that's correct magic weapon is it.
Timothy Sackton: gonna save you with that.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll roll my magic dice it you actually had.
Eric Rosenbaum: me i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
kate: i've been hearing St curing cancer chocolate all their crafting projects and really I can make this magic weapons.
Timothy Sackton: You have like.
Timothy Sackton: artisans whatever you can make anything you want.
kate: that's made out of metal.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, as long as it's made out of metal.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean that's complimentary to like I can do stone and.
Eric Rosenbaum: glass, and now I can do, would so.
Mike Sackton: yeah that's like you could make something really multi material.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can make a grandfather clock or something yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: There is.
Mike Sackton: yeah me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm ready to fight a dragon.
kate: dragon the way we want you to Seoul site, the people were writing with because i'm going to.
kate: Last so imagine laughs a crossbow one of them.
kate: make them more useful in the battle to have a magical weapon will be temporarily magical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's on my blessing okay.
kate: We want to make sure we're going to do that for somebody who's about to turn around and name it s.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good good call yeah I do that too.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um why don't you make just one inside check with advantage for the whole group President rolling a bunch of times.
Sensible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking hell all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, with even little shake here for done with the blow on the thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like fat plus six on this, this should be able to be good.
Mike Sackton: Yes, usually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pretty good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice Nice.
Timothy Sackton: even better.
insightful.
Timothy Sackton: they're all too scared of you after down with performance and everything they've seen to add the light casual way you're talking about riding into battle with a dragon.
Timothy Sackton: To for any of them to be.
Timothy Sackton: giving you any sign that they are going to turn on you.
Timothy Sackton: At the eight of them, there are a couple there's like two of the younger archers that you get the sense are probably going to try and run it the first moment, they can like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, as they keep writing forward, it seems more and more like Is this really worth the money like.
Timothy Sackton: It was pretty easy pickings, especially the archers didn't really have to do much they just like blew a horn and then waited.
Timothy Sackton: Like do we really want to go into battle with a dragon so you get the sense that there's that two of them might try and flee in the night.
Timothy Sackton: But you're you're quite convinced that nobody's going to try and turn like the mood of the of the ride, as you ride through the rest of the day.
Timothy Sackton: and set up camp, the mood is definitely not like we think betray you the mood is you know, some of them are like you know the like justin, though, like leader veteran guys kind of you know, talking to them up a little bit and trying to get them site like this it's like that you know.
Timothy Sackton: last big score and go home type of attitude right like.
Timothy Sackton: dangerous, but if we do it we.
Timothy Sackton: Can all just leave yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is this is like the fast and furious of them are right here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's Actually, I think, to just inspire some competence like that, so will not be flashy about it, but will like has really like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: jump off a cliff face like into static love boop boop boop and just you know just like like little things like that, just to kind of like show that we're we're like pretty fucking awesome and we'll be good to fight.
Timothy Sackton: mm hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll spend some time with the archers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good good good yeah we want to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Use them around relationship yep.
Mike Sackton: And are we paying them out, we should pay them out every night right just to keep up that yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so first you know when you can first night you pay him out it goes.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but like yeah that definitely makes them happy i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: still show anybody the whole.
Mike Sackton: Correct absolutely.
Mike Sackton: Cole is top somewhere safe and somebody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't we want to try to fucking trap the dragon in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or the whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we want to make a fucking trap for the dragon and trapped into the marriage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: isn't that what we want to do here is not the play.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean we're just doing poorly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why the Fuck are we trying to fight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The dragon like why don't we just drop it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It might only be humanoids.
Mike Sackton: luck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me try.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Any creature that sees its reflection in the mirror.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yada yada yada.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What Fuck are we doing here, why why don't we trap in the dragon like don't we why don't, we want a fucking dragon in our mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you have to get it to look at it.
Timothy Sackton: So you.
kate: So we can let it out at some point to go to attack something else, like.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean.
Mike Sackton: there's actually lots of opportunities, where wedding a dragon loose probably be a great thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: To do yeah yeah that's what i'm thinking.
Mike Sackton: it's just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do.
Eric Rosenbaum: We find a collector in charge, and has like a basement you know cage area.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mean us dragon collectors absolute become evil and prison, you know where animals and ski.
Mike Sackton: Trade off to the full growth dragon right into battle, when we are sack and check.
Eric Rosenbaum: See, this is why, like you dealt with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean what good is a separate power if you're not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Writing it flying fucking dragon like you know as you sack the city.
Mike Sackton: And I mean that's the only.
Mike Sackton: Reason dealt with having a tooth, that is, we don't have a driver.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I just don't think it's gonna work I.
Eric Rosenbaum: really see.
Eric Rosenbaum: someone's gonna run up to the dragon holding the mirror and it has to look at it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It also shows our hand of having the mirror.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
kate: we're just trying to blind the dragon.
Mike Sackton: it's like it's hard to.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can spell to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What happens if the trench makes it safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then breaks the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah releasing.
Timothy Sackton: writing an Arc and hobgoblin as well as the dragon.
Mike Sackton: At level how goblin age who practically stood up tisha mine.
Mike Sackton: I think it's too risky.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When else.
Timothy Sackton: With.
Timothy Sackton: To eight npc is three different COMP combatants plus all of you, plus keep track of Joe Hart and your mouse who are probably gonna get eaten no you're not allowed to do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait wait wait like like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really seriously what isn't isn't isn't this why we have this fucking mirror is for a situation like this, like Why would we like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Now I think it's not a combat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To yeah, especially in this case because of how easily it could be broken, but one whack with the tail.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's not like the miracle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess what What if what if there's an.
Eric Rosenbaum: enemy out there.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's a living being.
Timothy Sackton: You can't animate magic.
items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That you could.
Timothy Sackton: Otherwise, great idea.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wait licks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Under it, the cradle it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what if what if we first do more real honest once we figure out, is there a layer is there because, like we can trap it, we can puking lawyer it into like a weird crevice or a weird.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Canyon or something like that, and like it's not it's not like we're doing this in combat like we do it has to track.
Eric Rosenbaum: We speaking of reconnaissance let's try to find the thing first.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): year would do is if the combat goes really badly, we cannot get in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's always been the escape patch yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if we have them here, and it is not inside the whole because.
Mike Sackton: No, it isn't the whole it.
Mike Sackton: Is deactivated in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh right I forgot.
Mike Sackton: Thank you, can I mean that's The other thing if we if we want to like.
Mike Sackton: blow everything up, we could try to see what happens if you activate the mirror and all.
Mike Sackton: causes sort of.
Timothy Sackton: posse will never see you again.
Mike Sackton: will be dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First rule of portable whole club.
Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First fucking rule.
Eric Rosenbaum: True.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, but I think clearly though we do reconnaissance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And if it's possible to set up a trap of the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he doesn't want to fucking dragon and Amir.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With our life and.
Eric Rosenbaum: To blind dragons.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, like each each day, maybe at the start of the day, or the end of the day, try and call another animal and see if we can get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes let's get off parks to buck and do some work on.
Mike Sackton: These guys seems to have known something about this place to I mean let's talk to the bed right like one guy was talking about the mind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, but just Meta Meta Meta game for a moment you all do realize that the point of the mirror is for us to collect our dark army, like all the fucking the news and like least for our dark army so let's just remember that all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as well.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, my God.
Timothy Sackton: I love it.
Timothy Sackton: totally unpredictable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have.
Timothy Sackton: I have stopped box where you're building an.
army.
Mike Sackton: More seriously, for a moment.
Mike Sackton: I mean it sounded like these guys knew something about what was up ahead, they were just like.
Mike Sackton: We should get as much of the lay of the land, now that they're more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably bonds with them yeah right.
Mike Sackton: We have some bonds like get the lay of the land in terms of.
Mike Sackton: there's a ruin we think that's what the dragon is right, like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so I mean what you what you can sort of gather this is like this night in Camp this is your the same night you collected them, but after paying them and, like feeding them and stuff so definitely more chatty all those are.
Timothy Sackton: The more perceptive ones are rather puzzled as to how you.
Timothy Sackton: cook like a whole East with like quick bread and you know.
Timothy Sackton: spices and you know dried meat and stuff without any sort of obvious permissions anywhere on your horses.
Timothy Sackton: Like they're expecting magical like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what's inside your brain.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I did it visibly appeared front of them.
Timothy Sackton: that's true so.
Mike Sackton: I will do a lot of the cooking with them a chance, just to make it seem more.
magic.
Timothy Sackton: For back so you gather the.
Timothy Sackton: lay of the land that you gather as these this area the copper hills, especially the hills south of the road um you know was one sparely populated and there were all these little mining villages in the pre Great War era.
Timothy Sackton: Never resettle most of the minds were tapped out and never resettled after all the upheavals of the great war.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the villages are sort of gone now and actually you learn their their camp, the band at Camp is is in like a.
Timothy Sackton: abandoned mine on the Far Eastern edge of these that's mostly collapsed, so the there's like you can't go very deep into it right there's just a few sort of shallow tunnels that leads for storage.
Timothy Sackton: But the most intact, of the ruined towns are the only one that still is even partially intact um Is this what was once the sort of walled town called Bandar.
Timothy Sackton: And the reason why everybody is like sort of skeptical of this well one is because it's you know.
Timothy Sackton: You can see, often in distance the haunted tower from it so like this stretch of the road that you're going to approach is the one everybody travels quickly through because.
Timothy Sackton: it's watched over by this haunted tower, which has been looted according to rumor like 10 times but everybody who needs it goes mad and eventually returns to the Tower puts back the treasure and never leaves again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So the treasure is still there is what i'm hearing.
Eric Rosenbaum: zach.
Timothy Sackton: So many others have heard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a perfect dragon's lair.
Timothy Sackton: So, so the haunted tower like spooks everybody yeah right and it sort of you can see it from quite a distance, because it's On top of this promise rates.
Timothy Sackton: South of the road.
Timothy Sackton: there's this town of Bandar where there is these flooded minds right that go deep into the hills and like who knows what might come up out of those minds.
Timothy Sackton: there's like large you know there's like a whole cave system back there and stuff so that's so people get nervous about that, like.
Timothy Sackton: it's within sight of the hunt tower it's like this sort of spooky caves like.
Timothy Sackton: Who knows what could be living there, and as soon as he started telling stories of dragons the first what everybody first thought is, it must be it must have made its lair in some in like the.
Timothy Sackton: ruined Castle at van or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: Which is about 10 miles south or.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 10 to 12 miles south of the road.
Timothy Sackton: Does a trail that leads up into the hills, that you can follow to this one place.
Timothy Sackton: But they're not really they're not excited about going there, but if that's where the treasure is they will follow.
Mike Sackton: Any signs, I mean okay so.
Mike Sackton: Any.
Mike Sackton: Any signs that the caravan has successfully passed through.
Timothy Sackton: make us survival check with law just have a high DC because of the rain.
Timothy Sackton: me been raining every afternoon for so the DC is gonna be like 25 to tell him anything.
Mike Sackton: I stick walk is over.
Timothy Sackton: You notice some yeah it's.
Hard right like.
Timothy Sackton: it's too hard to tell, given the you know if it was a month ago, you might terrible to say something, but just.
Timothy Sackton: there's not like you know, a destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: wagons yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Across the road but.
Mike Sackton: it's too soon for that that'd be time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To call a bird and see what they know.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So it's evening now so.
Timothy Sackton: Wait, this is still the same day, can you use be sense more than once.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That was just once a day you're correct.
Mike Sackton: start my morning.
Mike Sackton: Tomorrow morning let's let's go to bed wake up call.
Timothy Sackton: Tomorrow morning Colbert.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can talk to them, you can speak with animals anytime at well right, if you want to see it through its eyes way you can read.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That word yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, no, I mean i'll speak I speak with animals so i'll see if I can get anyone that can see any animal that conceivably could have ranged far enough to know anything okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's some.
Timothy Sackton: Some, like ravens coming into released in the evening you can sort of attract with some seeds and.
Timothy Sackton: bits brad and stuff and speak with them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll i'll ask about where the biggest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That bird is.
Timothy Sackton: So ravens are pretty smart birds and sort of chatter amongst themselves and enter their conversation is.
Timothy Sackton: Do you think he means leather wings.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he probably means leather wings.
Timothy Sackton: Two days flight.
Timothy Sackton: In the hell's.
Timothy Sackton: leather wings flies.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whereas it's home worse its nest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): underground in the human town in the tower.
Timothy Sackton: In in in the.
Timothy Sackton: crush stone place.
Timothy Sackton: play out.
Timothy Sackton: Where the walls fell.
Timothy Sackton: Where we sometimes forge in the spring.
Timothy Sackton: But the grass doesn't grow there anymore.
Timothy Sackton: Just poison.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is whether the leather wings look like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does it have a spiky tip on its tail.
Timothy Sackton: Long tail and big wings.
two legs are points.
Timothy Sackton: points that i'm like one of the brown horses like that.
Timothy Sackton: That they are smart, but they do not understand numbers you can't ask a courtesy a rainbow maybe I don't know ravens maybe they can count.
Timothy Sackton: excuse, but he doesn't know so.
Timothy Sackton: two or four like that doesn't thinks of it is just a bird right leather wings giant bird.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does it does it sleep much does what, when does it say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fly.
Timothy Sackton: In the rain.
Timothy Sackton: No, it flies in the rain in the dark.
Timothy Sackton: sleeps in the morning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Anything else we should ask this Raven.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can't think of a thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll give it, how many ravens are there.
Timothy Sackton: For.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): them all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): silver flashing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): coins, for their trouble.
Timothy Sackton: They fly off squawking.
Timothy Sackton: So if they're correct tomorrow should be an eventful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Depending how far it ranges.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That information over.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sleeping in the morning and flying in the rain and dark it's good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But also, if it's nesting like in the collapse wall.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It sounds like it's nesting in the open, then look it's not inside.
Timothy Sackton: that's what it sounded like yeah I have some trouble keeping on the ground, then.
Adding it to go through a narrow tunnel in the cave system look in a mirror.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have any secure you don't like have any magic that can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Put a roof above it very rapidly.
Eric Rosenbaum: hard to track things.
Eric Rosenbaum: interesting question though depends how big it is probably.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's large enough to carry off a horse.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to leave the story that the.
Timothy Sackton: That the messenger told.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should put it at what.
Eric Rosenbaum: to fly caring horse.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's got to be 2030 feet long at least.
Timothy Sackton: or something like that yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So is it a trap something like that don't know how easy it's going to be too surprised at all sleeping either.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm coming to think that the bandits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The way that they're intimidated by our cash will talk a facing a dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe because it's an insane plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: was never a good idea.
Mike Sackton: I mean somewhere along the day we more from were trying to get to DARPA to we're trying to kill a dragon i'm not quite sure when that happened.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Once we heard there was dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Going back now.
kate: get past the dragon unscathed and leave it, it says somebody else's problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right that's not really our style I guess she.
isn't that incredible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dragons thinking creatures like.
Timothy Sackton: mean everything you've heard is that they're extraordinarily smart yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Mike Sackton: You don't even know if this is a dragon right or white, whether it's some other kind of.
Mike Sackton: We don't know for sure it's.
Timothy Sackton: Thinking creatures.
Mike Sackton: lot so three drake's I didn't know what it is.
Timothy Sackton: Well, what seeker side is drake's are our dragons I do not fly, so this is presumably not a Drake.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: While we continue on I guess.
Timothy Sackton: So the next morning.
Timothy Sackton: The day dawns.
Timothy Sackton: slightly less humid than before.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Still sunny and warm.
kate: no reason not to bless a weapon now, because if we get there earlier than we thought i'd rather have one than not.
Timothy Sackton: Less than another one tomorrow morning.
Timothy Sackton: have another an eventful day so that will because you can only blast either your Armor or their weapon, it will take one off your AC.
Timothy Sackton: mean your AC is something ridiculous anyway so.
Timothy Sackton: that's ridiculous.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Drake.
Timothy Sackton: um so the next morning you you continue writing, and you know.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly, like paying attention go ahead, while being making a perception check plus one other person if or anybody else who's looking for stuff go ahead and make a perception check.
Timothy Sackton: As you sort of head off now.
Timothy Sackton: While we being the only one who's paying attention.
Timothy Sackton: You do see so as you start to like you know, think that the most of the day, most of the morning is uneventful.
Timothy Sackton: By afternoon, you are starting to.
Timothy Sackton: The the road is sort of turning slightly.
Timothy Sackton: Like you've been going do.
Timothy Sackton: West and now you're sort of rounding a little prominence of the.
Timothy Sackton: land and you keep.
Timothy Sackton: Thinking you see something like some like movement in the distance to the.
Timothy Sackton: To the north of the road.
Timothy Sackton: Something like you know, like you'll you'll sort of glimpse out of the corner of your eye.
Timothy Sackton: You know what you think is some.
Timothy Sackton: Some creature, to the north and then you'll look again and you don't see anything there you can't you know, whatever you're seeing is too far away for details, but you just like occasionally just get the sense there's something on the horizon to the north.
Eric Rosenbaum: I get out the 50 foot rope ladder.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): our strongest warrior.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The spyglass does not really help that it's.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And if we ever make it to chart and it would be nice to get like a really, really nice spyglass.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): looks good magic Wednesday.
Timothy Sackton: So you just continue along the road just paying careful attention.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever it is that you've seen doesn't seem to seem to like it's you know around noon, or something and then you don't.
Timothy Sackton: see this again it's like it could even just be like antelope and the distance right or some.
Timothy Sackton: Some animal.
Timothy Sackton: But your your leg.
Timothy Sackton: Widely attuned to the area and given your sort of sense of.
Timothy Sackton: The environment like you.
Timothy Sackton: there's just this nagging sense of something moving.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): starting to think about like where can we stay for the night that we will be saved from a marauding like dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like is there terrain that can shelter us are like thick thick forest or.
Timothy Sackton: there's no thick forest there's plenty of stands of trees, but this is this is sort of open savannah right so you've got a clump of like three or four trees and then grassland.
Timothy Sackton: You are passing past the hills right it's a bit of a it's maybe.
Timothy Sackton: three to five miles out of your way to the South to go find some little sheltered cave to sleep in but that's certainly a possibility.
Timothy Sackton: I mean we should definitely do that, I think.
Mike Sackton: yeah so.
Timothy Sackton: So as evening approaches you.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody whoever's going to scout for a cave make a survival check.
Mike Sackton: And how close, are we to be.
Mike Sackton: To the lock the ruined city at this point I.
Timothy Sackton: mean your gas is you're probably.
Timothy Sackton: Like 40 miles away for miles away.
Mike Sackton: Another day at least.
Timothy Sackton: Another day probably.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so I mean it's.
Timothy Sackton: You can certainly find like a sort of little sheltered area to sleep and it's not like a particularly well hidden cave or anything but it's you know it has some protection from the air, at least.
Timothy Sackton: So you couldn't be surprised from above.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Secret can you pull this off with dirt.
Timothy Sackton: You build you build a minecraft House for your evening who's keeping watch.
Mike Sackton: That with well keep watch for the bulk of the night.
Mike Sackton: Okay, given he doesn't need to sleep much but somebody else should take a brief flight for what needs to see.
Timothy Sackton: Who else.
Eric Rosenbaum: cancel.
kate: cancel.
kate: The watch, so that we.
Timothy Sackton: can watch together Okay, give me a perception check for your watch.
Timothy Sackton: i'm OK and somebody roll resin give me a perception check for your watch.
Timothy Sackton: That the morning comes on eventually know sounds in the night.
Timothy Sackton: Continue back to the road.
Timothy Sackton: lost the crossbow.
Timothy Sackton: Nice keep going keeping your eye out well be makeup perception check for that, for the day.
Timothy Sackton: Around lunchtime.
Timothy Sackton: You see a little ways off the road, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 100 yards to the south.
Timothy Sackton: let's see Where are you going to be about now.
Timothy Sackton: You see a.
Timothy Sackton: What looks like a distant bowels corpse of a horse.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh fabulous let's go take a look.
Mike Sackton: You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's been dead for at least.
Timothy Sackton: Probably at least four days.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or their tracks from the road to where it is or their claw marks in it that are consistent with being carried through the air.
Timothy Sackton: There are there are.
Timothy Sackton: it's been ripped apart so it's been Claude it's it's whole stomach has been ripped out with it by a claw and then it's been largely eaten and, though, like back and legs have basically just been dropped.
Timothy Sackton: You couldn't tell if there were tracks it's been too rainy but it doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: it's the way it's lying is consistent with being dropped from above and ripped the stomach ripped out.
How big.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I guess it doesn't matter it's dragon says it's very big.
Mike Sackton: enough to carry a horse.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's funny that it didn't finish it, though.
Mike Sackton: she's not finished you're just nothing left to eat.
Timothy Sackton: mean it's just it looks kind of like you seen those like nature, documentaries of orcas feeding where they just like take a when there's an abundance of food, they just take a bite out of the cheek or something and then move on, because there's plenty to eat.
Timothy Sackton: that's what it looks like.
Timothy Sackton: Well that's awful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, are there any like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): poison.
Timothy Sackton: traces or any medicine check.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a great question.
Mike Sackton: Good roll.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So it's been dead for a few days and it's not straightforward to tell, but you know you definitely can see that.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to say what the cause of I mean the cause of death was obviously being ripped apart.
Timothy Sackton: The the way that the Flash has like the way rigor mortis and stuff there is like a bit of us like stench to it that suggests to use some possibility of poison.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): seems like a good time to call down another bird for the day and see if we can get more details.
Timothy Sackton: There is make make an animal handling check but there's very little in the sky right now.
Timothy Sackton: There is there's nothing flying around you now notice, as you start looking around for birds that.
Timothy Sackton: it's quiet here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No nothing came and polished off the cars are there, like ants working on the carcass even.
Timothy Sackton: There are yeah there's insects, but there's like no sign that leg vultures have scavenged this or anything else.
Timothy Sackton: So continue on the road.
kate: morning, most probably sleeping.
kate: The afternoon right.
Timothy Sackton: This is, after lunch.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How far are we from the city.
Timothy Sackton: you're now coming.
Timothy Sackton: You know if the information from the band, it says correct you're probably a few miles from the road that turns South and then the city is like 15 miles 10 or 15 miles.
Timothy Sackton: up into the hills.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): keep going.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think just keep going.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Worse, of an idea that seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: Who is writing where.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're into deep can stop now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why is the question, even relevant.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably will be writing in front.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean we have these eight guys with us, they should probably be I mean.
Mike Sackton: We don't want to be too strong out we don't be cheap bunched up I don't really know.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, how do you fight a dragon we haven't even discussed it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Traditional approaches been hit it to the falls down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are there any likes.
stands of trees.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's I mean there's scattered trees around for sure.
kate: be an eye out for cover to run to when there's something to run to but otherwise you just gotta keep moving.
kate: I guess we're writing little clusters of like.
kate: US interspersed with the guys with us on the.
kate: phrase backs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because they're not that perceptive.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you continue writing keeping your eyes peeled for another hour hour and a half and that cloud cover grows deeper and deeper until the rain starts and.
Timothy Sackton: You use you see as the rain begins to pour down around you like you know visibility is getting bad.
Timothy Sackton: you're like you know people everybody is sort of like.
Timothy Sackton: noticeably nervous at this point like after having seen the horse.
Timothy Sackton: Until.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe half an hour after the rain starts, as your sort of cautiously moving across um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: let's put you all on the road here.
Mike Sackton: Who wants to be able to fly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): melee fighters.
yeah.
kate: He.
Mike Sackton: Unfortunately, I can only make T Ki will fly.
kate: away Kansas Kansas.
Eric Rosenbaum: never came back to me.
know.
Timothy Sackton: So I text them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Mike Sackton: guess at some level dealt with is almost as effective from the ground, I mean with branch tech like I actually have a pretty good range to it it's not as it's not as good as my.
Eric Rosenbaum: mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should briefly discuss the strategy here.
Eric Rosenbaum: tale this thing is the most dangerous part probably and that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably has.
Eric Rosenbaum: pretty good ability to strike over who knows how many 10s of feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I might not even be able to safely get within spell casting range of it.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We may all die.
kate: You can't you think it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's large and it's fast it can fly any constrict with the tail.
Worse, it is.
just trying to deal with feet and my brain.
kate: It has like 120 foot range.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: might be okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's true but 60 is pushing it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Most of mine are 60.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): can lend someone the Raven whistle to.
Mike Sackton: That.
Mike Sackton: How can we play with it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): five rounds plus five times or con modifier so it's pretty I mean that's.
Mike Sackton: A combat combat.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a while yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can, you have to be constantly blowing the whistle which means you cannot cast any spells would have verbal components.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that doesn't cast spells.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Timo wreck on that I made a very secure like necklace for that whistle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): falling.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: kensal could I mean if Kansas takes the whistle that I could deal with and wrestling could fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey guys i'm my mom's kind of having like a quick break right now, so I got a handle this but i'm just a play i'll try to come back, but i'm just uh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can play me and just you know do kenza things with guns oh and TIM can roll for me, and you know kinds of like bashes people in the heads and stuff like that, so if that comes to that i'll do that.
Timothy Sackton: But i'll get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll do that sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good good luck man.
Mike Sackton: Good luck yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, we got lots of people i've got to bring out here so many of them 1234.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're all going to survive, and this is going to go really.
Timothy Sackton: dive sex.
Eric Rosenbaum: Positive everybody.
Timothy Sackton: Man there's so many of these guys I.
Mike Sackton: mean we could run the npc if you want them.
Timothy Sackton: wow it's now I mean it's.
Timothy Sackton: You can just you can like the side what they just didn't bother making tokens for them, because I was pretty sure you weren't actually going to fight them.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: i'm using a.
werewolf silken.
Mike Sackton: Well, surely fight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, man is it too late to make them wearables.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a funny I.
Timothy Sackton: would have probably killed you in your sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a funny idea.
Timothy Sackton: Just right now turn them into wearables.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So we have a large group of people moving down the road.
Timothy Sackton: And this one here is Joe Hart.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: As the rain begins.
Timothy Sackton: The um you know funder and and i'm just a cloud break it the.
Timothy Sackton: What the sky opening up.
Timothy Sackton: The first thing you hear is well bees shout.
Timothy Sackton: As a.
Timothy Sackton: giant winged creature.
Timothy Sackton: hold on a SEC here.
Mike Sackton: all the way up there by yourself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Some.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Looking for dragons.
Timothy Sackton: plunges out of the sky.
Timothy Sackton: Towards a well being.
Timothy Sackton: appearing basically through the cloud cover so like maybe 100 feet up as it appears.
Timothy Sackton: And I need you all to roll initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's under feet in the air.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay let's see what do we got here seeker 19.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So we gave cancer, the Raven was sorry.
Yes, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: brands when 13.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be 16.
Timothy Sackton: need another tab open for kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo Kansas got a good initiative.
Timothy Sackton: 10s our 24.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so so i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Well let's see who's got a.
Timothy Sackton: The only one who actually sees the the creature appearing to break into the cloud cover the sky is welby.
Timothy Sackton: So the rest of you are surprised by it said in appearance.
Timothy Sackton: But it gets to go.
Timothy Sackton: And it is going to.
This is fun.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: It is going to dive.
Timothy Sackton: 100 feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be so you're looking for the dragon.
Timothy Sackton: And as that.
Timothy Sackton: reaches for you well, be it is going to attempt to grab baxter and its claw us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, this is not okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that is going to be a grapple attack.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, first, it will swing it stinger at you.
Timothy Sackton: So that will be.
Timothy Sackton: Oh it's stinger Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: And now it will attempt to grapple.
Timothy Sackton: baxter and his claws so role, a.
Timothy Sackton: role, a strength check for baxter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, hang on one SEC i'm there's no way I can like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): interpol's myself between the dragon backs.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah makeup makeup makeup dexterity check.
Timothy Sackton: acrobatics to see if you can jump in front.
oops.
Timothy Sackton: i'm okay you jump in front make yourself a strength jack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is this to escape from being grappled.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes.
Timothy Sackton: Also, I guess you could roll acrobatics as either.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I had a yes, I have advantage on this.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thanks to squat nimbleness So here we go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 15 this better the two.
Timothy Sackton: It grabs you and its claws.
Timothy Sackton: It is out of movement, so it doesn't fly anywhere it's.
Timothy Sackton: Five feet 10 feet above the above the ground.
Timothy Sackton: You are grappled.
Timothy Sackton: Your movement to zero, but you dodged it stinger.
Timothy Sackton: And it gives this loud shriek.
Timothy Sackton: they're all surprised you're not surprised to Europe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going to attempt to escape from being grappled.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, and i'll yell baxter attack.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, here we go let's try this again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With advantage 27 the time.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let me sorry too many windows open here.
Timothy Sackton: we're all strength.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you break free, so I dive down into grabs you you'd like leap yourself in front interposing your body between it and.
Timothy Sackton: And baxter and.
Timothy Sackton: You dive in front of it and it gets you in its claws and as it begins to try and lift up you just sort of roll out of the way.
Timothy Sackton: that's frustrated now and it gives us another loud shriek.
Timothy Sackton: Now about 10 feet off the air, all of them are surprised when.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A second one.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's not how this goes.
Eric Rosenbaum: No oh Jesus.
Timothy Sackton: appears behind and flies down.
Timothy Sackton: flinging it stinger.
Timothy Sackton: At.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: One of the archers.
Timothy Sackton: which hits.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: The Archer just goes limb and falls off its horse as the poison courses, through its body.
Timothy Sackton: And then, it attempts to grapple the horse.
Mike Sackton: These guys, have you guys don't have horses do they.
Timothy Sackton: Did.
Mike Sackton: yeah that'd be like, oh no.
Mike Sackton: Doubt Emily first time.
Mike Sackton: yeah right right there yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And it grabs the horse and then begins to lift off maybe 10 feet off the ground with the struggling horse and its claws the Archer dead on the ground, next to.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody now screaming in chaos.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just bexar get an attack on.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes sorry go ahead, make an attack oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What a show just find a regular like step lock for xp.
Timothy Sackton: So if you go to let's say if you go to extras.
Timothy Sackton: You should see baxter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): baxter 30 is.
cool here we go.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that messes.
Timothy Sackton: As back just big bounces off of it skelly skins bring us back to the top where it's kansans turn.
Timothy Sackton: What is kinds of want to do.
Mike Sackton: With.
Mike Sackton: The character sheet unless to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fly over and start eating enough right.
Mike Sackton: yeah like what else would he do it by way way way doesn't mean you have all kinds of special powers he can use.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, did you must have road initiative for him um.
Timothy Sackton: I rolled initiative for him yeah he can hit things a lot of times.
Mike Sackton: yeah that's what he should he should.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's gonna run up, I think, to.
Eric Rosenbaum: defend will be in baxter.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's he's much closer to the other one, though.
Mike Sackton: Now go go after the other one.
Timothy Sackton: Alright sorry leaps off his horse he moves.
Mike Sackton: He he should fly over at this one.
Timothy Sackton: So he is, but he blows the whistle and flies on.
Timothy Sackton: The air at this one.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, Okay, so he can, if he uses a key he can make for tax.
Mike Sackton: yeah definitely for attacks know stun stun stun study things.
Timothy Sackton: Are guys to do attack he pretended to stun so.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: First attack is a.
Timothy Sackton: 11 which Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Second attack is a 10 which Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Third, oh man i'm rolling tolerably third attack is a four which are 12 which Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: For the attack is a 21 which hits.
Timothy Sackton: That six points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: And he will attempt to stun.
Timothy Sackton: con save.
Timothy Sackton: they've got pretty good constitution.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, he succeeds on the SAVE.
Timothy Sackton: So that is another key.
Timothy Sackton: That adds Kansas turn.
Timothy Sackton: seeker you're up next.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: back up a little bit, but also oops summoning my courage.
Eric Rosenbaum: formulating a detailed mental image of a small fish, such as an intro V.
Eric Rosenbaum: Casting polymorphous on the dragon closer to me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, just keep in mind they're 10 feet up in the air, and if you turn them into a creature that will die by falling 10 feet, they will just land on the ground and turn back into themselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: As a dying is the problem.
Mike Sackton: yeah chicken.
Eric Rosenbaum: So maybe a slightly larger fish.
Eric Rosenbaum: The fish will suffocate.
Mike Sackton: Turn turn it into like a Raven.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't want it to fly away oh man I didn't think hard enough about this.
kate: At.
Eric Rosenbaum: The tortoise yes something slow a turtle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): turtle who can take a 10 foot drop.
Mike Sackton: I will survive a 10 foot drop.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah three foot long snapping turtle very dangerous, but not compared to a drag OK.
OK.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it has to roll against I do anything.
Mike Sackton: Now, make a safe.
Timothy Sackton: What what's your.
Timothy Sackton: DC.
16.
Timothy Sackton: For all the 15.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Which one, are you targeting.
Eric Rosenbaum: The one close to will be.
Timothy Sackton: This one turns into a turtle and drops to the ground looks around confused.
Eric Rosenbaum: amazing um.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll have to figure out what to do with it, but i'll spin around and give inspiration to kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: don't have a turtle token.
Timothy Sackton: let's see what we got here.
Timothy Sackton: that's pretty close.
Eric Rosenbaum: hey that's amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: That ends seekers turn the turtle is just gonna walk.
Timothy Sackton: wattle around on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Coming we'll see we'll be we'll start shutting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nobody touched that turtle don't touch that turtle.
Timothy Sackton: Coming to the crossbow guy.
Timothy Sackton: He well shoot his magic crossbow at it heading.
Timothy Sackton: which will do.
Timothy Sackton: eight points nine points of damage because of the plus one.
kate: So kenza that crossbow guy did better than.
Timothy Sackton: Second crossbow guy without the magic crossbow.
Timothy Sackton: is going to mess.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A move.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 360 shit actually wait oh yeah and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And shoot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So i'm just seeing if there's any way I can pull up and show that I don't think I can about long range before moving.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So i'll do that.
Timothy Sackton: So that's normal range so straight role, but you would still get sneak attack if you hit because of cancer as engage with that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Straight roll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hey.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So 2012.
Timothy Sackton: that's a solid hat.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, two archers up now.
Timothy Sackton: Well, both attempt with their bows.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's a hat.
Timothy Sackton: And a mess.
Timothy Sackton: So another.
Timothy Sackton: nine points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: So our third Archer is dead raise when.
kate: i'm.
Just take pity on me nearly midnight and tell me what order, am I supposed to do the.
spiritual weapon that second or first.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, what do you mean bonus action verbs action.
kate: Can I cast spiritual weapon and.
Timothy Sackton: No cuz you can't cast to spells and you can only catch you can catch catch up in a spell but not.
Timothy Sackton: To spouse.
kate: I will have spiritual weapon.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So spiritual weapon appears.
Timothy Sackton: Next to the dragon.
Good positioning.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas my spells.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I have to get rid of that um where did you sorry I can't see what the roles.
Timothy Sackton: That hats, so it takes 11 points of damage and you still have an action.
Mike Sackton: plan to hit it with my you're not flying yet I haven't cast fly.
Mike Sackton: Okay, though it hasn't actually had a term.
kate: That is fine, then.
kate: Well then, I will pass.
Where Am I.
kate: i'm just gonna sit my screen is very tiny.
kate: And if I zoom in I only get to see like a quarter of the mapping it arbitrarily pick switch.
Timothy Sackton: You Double Click you can scroll.
Timothy Sackton: or right click you can scroll.
Timothy Sackton: You are.
Timothy Sackton: 50 feet away from.
Timothy Sackton: That Thank you.
kate: I will cast.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that is a deck save which.
Timothy Sackton: fails.
Timothy Sackton: So it takes another 10 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Next.
Timothy Sackton: band it just has a sword and a dagger.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Mike Sackton: bandits that.
Mike Sackton: don't have weapons should really guard the horses.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it will start trying to round up courses next band, it is same deal no ranged weapon so we'll try and round up horses.
Timothy Sackton: This last one last band has a crossbow.
Timothy Sackton: But it's going to miss.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's it's turn and then Dallas turn.
Mike Sackton: made, how does it go.
Timothy Sackton: Because I got a surprise round the first track was just the white friends of mine, he.
Timothy Sackton: knows he's the only one.
Mike Sackton: Only one with a high that it hasn't gone, yet this check.
Timothy Sackton: It hasn't gone, yet this turn.
Timothy Sackton: It is going to look around.
Timothy Sackton: At the situation here.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: feel bad doing with the kenzo when he's not here, but is going to swing it stinger.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh boy.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: He has inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: Which is a 25 to hit.
Timothy Sackton: A constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody role at D 20.
Mike Sackton: got it.
Mike Sackton: Is concepts like plus one.
Mike Sackton: Has a 16.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): inspiration, can you.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep.
Mike Sackton: You have a place to what is it one day.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: 20 okay so.
He takes.
Timothy Sackton: 15 points of piercing damage and 15 points of poison damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: ouch that's on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Making save.
Timothy Sackton: Correct.
Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow so he'd be he'd be a cold if it weren't for that.
Timothy Sackton: And it is now going to look somewhat frustrated.
Timothy Sackton: That he's still alive.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's used to being able to.
Eric Rosenbaum: crush people with that.
Timothy Sackton: And it's going to.
Timothy Sackton: Just attempt to grab him with.
Timothy Sackton: With oh and he's flying to so it's doesn't know at all what to do about this guy just gonna swing as claws at him.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to be 18 to hit, which hits that's his Armor class so kenza will take another.
Timothy Sackton: Another 13 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: that's like a for kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: As the songs.
Timothy Sackton: His that as.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Timothy Sackton: And then it's just gonna fly off 80 feet into the air.
Timothy Sackton: So kenzo can make an attack of opportunity.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice this.
Timothy Sackton: Is a.
Timothy Sackton: 16 which hits.
Mike Sackton: They do I studying strike.
Timothy Sackton: So that's another 11 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: let's say on.
Mike Sackton: let's see the melee weapon attack.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's not doesn't say on this turn.
Timothy Sackton: that's another key.
Mike Sackton: I mean you may as well Burton key.
Timothy Sackton: or con save.
Timothy Sackton: 16.
Mike Sackton: With this disease 1414.
Timothy Sackton: So it's now 80 feet up in the air.
Timothy Sackton: I just kind of looking about sort of a bit confused now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that ends it's turned out with your up.
Mike Sackton: Do you want to fire is when.
kate: They come in handy.
kate: I mean if it, but I don't need to if you have something else you can spend a spell on.
Mike Sackton: Oh um I.
Mike Sackton: don't know I mean I don't really have anything better to spend the stolen.
Mike Sackton: yeah we Paul more fun ones, the turtle.
Eric Rosenbaum: I turned one of them into a turtle but there.
Mike Sackton: was like.
Mike Sackton: There is close to dead.
Timothy Sackton: cancels at 800 points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the Fuck.
Eric Rosenbaum: I get inspiration.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, you said Kevin was gonna go hit it with his face so he.
Mike Sackton: started hitting with his fists.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On find out.
Mike Sackton: Kansas yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well that's cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a good story, at least.
Eric Rosenbaum: You got hit by the stinger.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kaczynski yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where did we abandoned trapping the dragon.
Mike Sackton: Well, what are the barriers to have them, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: there's two of them, one is probably morphed into a turbo.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: easy to put into yes, the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I like that.
Mike Sackton: High res when in doubt, with are both flying now.
Mike Sackton: And Dallas will fly 60 foot move risen.
Mike Sackton: And della for fly.
Mike Sackton: 21 234.
Timothy Sackton: Currently, one banded his dad.
Timothy Sackton: But that's.
Timothy Sackton: When you can say was almost.
Timothy Sackton: dead, but that's it so far.
20.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah he's not permanently port, I mean.
Mike Sackton: He doesn't have the end point he does not have be poisoned.
Timothy Sackton: Just though it's just.
Timothy Sackton: A lot of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Damage near the npc.
Eric Rosenbaum: That the npc his dad you are near.
Timothy Sackton: You or both hit by the stinger it killed these the npc with one strike.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so what am I gonna do.
Mike Sackton: I can't really do anything.
Mike Sackton: I just play up.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to fight off about 40 feet and then over to like there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: um and it's too far away to do anything useful with a bonus action and I already used my action on the spell so that's it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that brings us back to you kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: What is the fly speed of.
Timothy Sackton: The Raven whistle, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: Or is that just your speed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys been group you're playing kenza or Eric what's that.
Mike Sackton: we've been.
Mike Sackton: we've been playing kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice I like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can fly it twice as fast as you're.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): walking speed as you're walking speed.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow oh Kansas can fly 90 feet per.
Timothy Sackton: turn.
faster.
Timothy Sackton: You can fly faster than it.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow.
that's pretty fucking epic actually.
Timothy Sackton: But you could fly up there and challenge it to a fisticuffs with eight hit points, if you want to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I should I eat some healing but or whatever, as many heal me.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah well we'll get.
Timothy Sackton: You can you can bonus action drink a potion.
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems wise.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): BONUS action to fly up and punch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is willing to do so much, though.
Timothy Sackton: What portions do you have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You all.
Mike Sackton: Greater.
Mike Sackton: Greater greater healing you.
Timothy Sackton: could use your greater healing that's 44 plus four.
Mike Sackton: yeah I would do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If not it's more mud.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What else we got a big dragon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's true but.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could want one hits gonna kill you.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then you're going to go through that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: splatter in the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: US yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean we.
Mike Sackton: Have planner power, instead of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well yeah can I do that offline.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's pretty cool yes, I can keep my distance keep 30 feet and blast it yep.
Mike Sackton: wally are you.
Mike Sackton: You can't get to it.
Mike Sackton: it's a feel of.
Timothy Sackton: What do you really want he can fly 90 feet.
So he can.
Mike Sackton: Do you have the can you, you can can you bonus action you can't burn this actually just ah, can you or anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: No, he can you can borrow this action dodge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While we're eating it.
Mike Sackton: Ah, just fly by is awesome if you could fly by it and then get out of its range, but you can't so you don't get an attack of opportunity which.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You like yours, but not next to it and punch it down, maybe.
Mike Sackton: it'll get an attack back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it like is it like nasty.
Mike Sackton: Is it very good yeah I didn't get it was very nasty it it did like 50 hit points, if you have eight points you only one one round.
Mike Sackton: One round.
Timothy Sackton: It took out there, if you want with it staying on once with its claws it's the poison this thing or it's particularly nasty.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and because you had inspiration at that time you took half the damage, so you would be definitely.
Mike Sackton: What is inspiration give you if you make a.
Timothy Sackton: Say Oh, it gives you six temporary hit points as well.
Oh.
Mike Sackton: Those are.
Timothy Sackton: Add six temporary hip points.
Mike Sackton: I was given yeah use your healing I would use your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: House have a caustic ones, can I use that as a distance weapon why can't why can't I use why can't I use.
Mike Sackton: flustered.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would get exactly physically that's 30 feet away.
Mike Sackton: i'm not again right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright guys.
Timothy Sackton: done so you fly off and you concentrate and.
Timothy Sackton: throw your punch at it has to make a strength saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to be a 15.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: It takes so roll 2d sex and it.
Timothy Sackton: takes.
Half damage.
Timothy Sackton: So it dodges partly out of the way of this fifth that comes flowing flying out it, but you still do for damage.
Timothy Sackton: And you're not able to move at.
Timothy Sackton: So that's your action bonus action potion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sure.
Timothy Sackton: So rove 44 plus four and add that to your employees.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No that's terrible.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: That is terrible.
Mike Sackton: As okay canada's.
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you tracking my hip Winston.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, if you refresh your character sheet, it should be all.
Timothy Sackton: Be all correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what's my actual legends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait so should I add 10 and then six because i've got this.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, I already did that you should have 18 hit points and sex temporary points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so at 18 okay all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: How high is it in the air.
Timothy Sackton: Right now 80 feet in the air.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, more like 90 feet, because it was 10 feet above the ground to start with.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't really do much to attack it, I will, can I give kenza inspiration, a second time or no.
Timothy Sackton: yeah as long as he doesn't currently have inspiration, you can keep giving them inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I will re inspire kenzo just check that off last thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Too many.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then i'm gonna.
Eric Rosenbaum: Be also cast oh healing word is 60 feet so i'm about to move a little bit let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: nope I can do it.
Timothy Sackton: And OK cancel.
Timothy Sackton: cancel was 60 feet in the air.
Timothy Sackton: I have to be directly under him in order to cast healing word.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm gonna.
Mike Sackton: Why don't you animate something and send it after the thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's what I was thinking so I got out the 50 foot ladder so that's not the heroic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Already.
Eric Rosenbaum: ladder, but the other one.
Eric Rosenbaum: So i'm gonna and i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gonna save the day.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah this is this is Captain ropey actually the larger cousin a rookie.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so I will animate.
Eric Rosenbaum: The letter and then does it get to do anything on this turn or.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it can fly, it has a 30 foot fly speed, so it can move.
Timothy Sackton: If you want it to dash it can move 60 feet up, so it will be.
Timothy Sackton: Let me get a rope ladder here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh actually what.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I do a 50 foot ladder, because that might be too large.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: That would be yeah that's too large, you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can animate something that is.
Eric Rosenbaum: The original one the 15 foot ladder.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I can animate something that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Large yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Larger or smaller.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, so this this one has combat experience to.
Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what I did with my old ladder token but.
Timothy Sackton: here's a new one that's not exactly a rope ladder but it'll do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah that's great.
Eric Rosenbaum: um so I can move at 60 feet from me so that puts it up in the air over here and your.
Timothy Sackton: kensal say it's like.
Timothy Sackton: 15 feet in the air or 20 feet in the air.
Timothy Sackton: right there great so it's still 70 feet below the creature.
Timothy Sackton: Okay turtle turtle is going to waddle.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's let's move it was free fire okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK, so now we've got.
Timothy Sackton: crossbow magic crossbar is.
Timothy Sackton: Only a nine that's gonna mess.
Timothy Sackton: Non magic crossbow.
Timothy Sackton: Natural one.
Timothy Sackton: wow be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A long range it'll take city aim to cancel it out, because advantage and add two charges.
From.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, there is nobody engaged with it, so you do pet but no sneak back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I did studying.
Timothy Sackton: But that doesn't you don't have advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Because you're at long range right.
Timothy Sackton: it's more than 80 feet away from you, so that gives a straight role.
Timothy Sackton: So you only got sneak attack, if you have advantage, or if there is a steady aim doesn't automatically give you a sneak attack it just gives you an advantage.
Mike Sackton: advantage and disadvantage it cancels and you're.
Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will bounce that judgment in the past.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's been an ambiguity about that.
Timothy Sackton: So you get sneak attack if you're if you don't need advantage if there if you have an ally engage with it in combat.
Timothy Sackton: But in this case Kansas 30 feet away because he did, and the latter is 70 feet away and down with is like 40 feet away so nobody is engaged that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am.
comfortable with them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All together.
Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, 13 altogether.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it you mean you definitely look like you're wearing it down at this point with especially all the arrows that are just flying up in striking it from these bandits not although they're not individually doing much damage, there is a lot of them.
Timothy Sackton: BONUS action oh steady aim was you bonus action okay so next scout.
Timothy Sackton: longbow.
Timothy Sackton: Is a.
Timothy Sackton: Five that's going to miss.
Timothy Sackton: Next scout with a long bow.
Timothy Sackton: that's a sex that's gonna mess man they're not really very well raise when.
I am going to.
kate: Why something like closer to it, however, I can go 60 feet.
Where I.
kate: Get great kinda to it, except.
kate: You know kind of in.
Timothy Sackton: Your about.
Timothy Sackton: Travel about 60 feet below at.
All right.
kate: and
Now i'm.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
kate: i'm going to.
Timothy Sackton: 19 hats.
kate: Already.
Timothy Sackton: roller do I have to do that yeah 21 damage.
Timothy Sackton: it's Donnelly looking I mean it's.
kate: it's does i'm also going to move the spiritual weapon closer, I think you can only move 15 feet at a.
Timothy Sackton: Time it can only move at 20 feet, so it can't catch up to it.
kate: But.
kate: it's there for a while.
Timothy Sackton: it's looking it's looking badly off at this point i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: bad debt, with no.
Timothy Sackton: melee weapons for next two of them are now clustered a bunch of courses in our kind of shooting them so that they'll back away from this creature.
Timothy Sackton: than.
Timothy Sackton: bandit with crossbow crossbow.
Timothy Sackton: Which is a 10 which Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's it's turn it's gonna there's now for flying and creatures.
Timothy Sackton: in Korea, including a rope ladder.
Timothy Sackton: In front of it.
Timothy Sackton: It is going to.
Timothy Sackton: dash.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so it's gonna fly 80 feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh sorry if it's turned started needs to make a DC 13 concert for the.
Timothy Sackton: offer the fire right.
Timothy Sackton: it's con is quite good.
Timothy Sackton: that's 14.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that ends.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry that's gonna fly.
Timothy Sackton: gonna fly.
Timothy Sackton: Like 70 feet this way and and slightly down, just like aiming to dive bomb a horse as it flies off.
Timothy Sackton: it's not going to have enough.
Timothy Sackton: Enough movement to to.
Timothy Sackton: To take off at this point, but it's now moved.
Timothy Sackton: it's now moved about 120 feet from its previous position just aiming for.
Mike Sackton: How high is it.
Timothy Sackton: it's now about let's say 30 feet off the ground, I guess, actually baxter is the easiest lose target here.
Timothy Sackton: Now, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet above baxter.
i'm gonna turtle this guy.
Timothy Sackton: can't turtle two things.
Timothy Sackton: Oh concentration.
Timothy Sackton: that's its turn.
Timothy Sackton: Down with your up.
hey.
Mike Sackton: I think I can reach it.
Mike Sackton: I mean I about at its level.
Mike Sackton: So i'm just going to go after it.
Mike Sackton: and walk it with a soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the soul left.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Timothy Sackton: lavin Mrs 20 secs hats.
Mike Sackton: um hold on a second I do I want to do that I have not used a bonus action i'm gonna bonus action person before I.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so that will do oh wait no i'm not going to do that sorry I take that back i'm not going to do that i'm going to bonus actions.
Mike Sackton: ray of displacement.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're dodging.
Mike Sackton: wow It gives me a sentence yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay got it.
Timothy Sackton: got as Dallas turn kensal Europe it's about.
Timothy Sackton: 8180 feet away from you or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um well I think probably I should do it, I did again but i'll do it i'll do a planner power and.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you dive down and closer to it with your 90 foot speed, you can get within 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: To make another strength save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On this line so fast, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: Be.
Timothy Sackton: As well be as this time and nine, so you.
Timothy Sackton: Damage, and you can move it, you can push or pull it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where do you want to do with them.
Mike Sackton: away from baxter yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay i'll do that.
Mike Sackton: Like over to here like swinging.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't know because involuntary so would be an attack of opportunity, can you keep it next to Dallas so if it flies off I get an attack of opportunity yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right yeah you just swinging swinging around like like this way.
kate: Over dealt with header and you're.
Mike Sackton: Basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: kenzo is just swinging an entire dragon over his head right now up in the air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, with with a like a bolt of like a force of.
Eric Rosenbaum: horsepower oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right yeah but he's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pushing it around.
Mike Sackton: Nice yeah like that's that's perfect that it goes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What am I really.
Mike Sackton: A little bit five move away.
Timothy Sackton: To the sex.
Timothy Sackton: Like here.
Mike Sackton: yeah so that if it's going for baxter again, I wanted to have to, I want to get an attack and wouldn't necessarily the best.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very annoyed at how little damage i'm doing but Hello.
Timothy Sackton: um it's I mean yeah it's it's looking.
Timothy Sackton: This thing doesn't have that many hits left into it after that punch with your fest.
Mike Sackton: nobody's been doing that much damage to it accepts.
Timothy Sackton: resume and did a lot.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Timothy Sackton: seekers up.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the new i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: going to give baxter inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just in case and, obviously, because.
Eric Rosenbaum: difference between life and death, get it by those.
Mike Sackton: Like that you're giving baxter's don't have dealt with inspiration, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're obviously going to be fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: And how high is the thing up in the air.
Timothy Sackton: it's about 30 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: range for open I can't do anything else it's concentration.
Eric Rosenbaum: erupting earth would not affect it because it's too high, above the ground.
Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: march reduce would be kind of stupid.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: insult its.
Eric Rosenbaum: ancestry suggesting that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Small was a lizard.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's it's mama is a lizard and it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fine, father was a earthworm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's pretty harsh but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Three damage.
Timothy Sackton: I get that.
Mike Sackton: Why does the say feces 16 wisdom.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: It does fail it's safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a really humiliating interaction for this dragon overall.
Timothy Sackton: Ah turtle is just gonna wander aimlessly.
Timothy Sackton: That way.
Eric Rosenbaum: To keep an eye on that thing.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: guys oh yeah the.
Mike Sackton: safely go to the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Finally, ahead.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: mess.
Timothy Sackton: So another.
Timothy Sackton: nine points of damage from a crossbow as this thing is now or sorry 10 points because it's magic this thing is now like pin cushion with arrows and it's laboring to fly at this point clearly looking around for an escape while be Europe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Steady aim.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we didn't do the scarlet letter.
Timothy Sackton: Oh secrets turn ladder gets to move, but it only has a fly of 30 feet, so I can't yet job to the thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah it'll just head towards the action.
Timothy Sackton: Wait do it what's your five speed.
Timothy Sackton: 60 okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't I can't.
Mike Sackton: Already like 20 feet off.
Mike Sackton: Like last time I went.
Mike Sackton: All right, and then over rather than just.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well i'll be.
Eric Rosenbaum: tennis to move the letter.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, oh sorry the lateral move here so while be planted feet.
Timothy Sackton: kills it looks at this thing.
Timothy Sackton: drawn back his little bow out this distracted by looking around how it's going to escape down with your arrow flies and.
Timothy Sackton: strikes at.
Timothy Sackton: And, as it hits, this is the last strike it begins to fall.
Timothy Sackton: acid sort of bubbling out of its body as it.
Timothy Sackton: crashes to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: And everybody just kind of looks around like.
Timothy Sackton: Because it really dad.
Timothy Sackton: there's like 15 or 10 or so arrows pin cushion out of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, those those things came out of nowhere, so we should keep an eye on this guy.
Timothy Sackton: The turtle still like waddling around.
Eric Rosenbaum: So i'll i'll call out to the others like we could actually put it in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we want to now.
Eric Rosenbaum: it'll be like this for about another hour so.
and
Mike Sackton: And what else are we going to do if we kill the turtle it turns into one of these things.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's correct so really the most pragmatic and safest option.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): mechanic who question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If you're a turtle and you have like 10 hit points and you take 100 hit points of damage did 90 of them transfer over to the other form.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, so like you could fly 1000 feet up into the air and just drop the turtle.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then it would be a dead dragon.
yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is also want to kill it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just imagine.
Eric Rosenbaum: years from now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Having that as an option.
Eric Rosenbaum: to release release the dragon from captivity.
Mike Sackton: Why would we put it in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: I bought from your.
Mike Sackton: I mean it might not work, but then we can do something else.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, what could go wrong that's interesting.
Mike Sackton: It makes it safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right it doesn't necessarily get trapped.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's not automatic remember some of us were able to look at it right.
Eric Rosenbaum: The seagull trick of dropping it from a high height to break it.
Mike Sackton: Is.
Mike Sackton: Not just get back on track right.
kate: And then, if it doesn't go into near we kill it right.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah let's lead the bandits down the road, a little ways, just so they would prefer not to make the whole lower than your.
Eric Rosenbaum: Public do this do this in private yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: or ugly.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I can still fly for nine more minutes.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could do it.
Mike Sackton: We could just.
Mike Sackton: pick up the turtle and.
Mike Sackton: yeah why over the Hill and try it out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can move itself yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: I can write all that sort of gathered around like.
Timothy Sackton: One of them is dad one other horses is dead, but otherwise like actually came through this like remarkably fine.
Timothy Sackton: overwhelming numbers have some advantages yeah well and by morph i'm.
A.
Mike Sackton: Little pick up the turtle and the square itself and fly like.
Mike Sackton: A couple hundred feet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna face it with you.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah that.
Mike Sackton: That would be nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll follow on the ladder.
Mike Sackton: Well, you go half our speed, but that's okay.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Is everybody going.
Timothy Sackton: you're just like by bandits we'll see you soon.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we should all go somebody should stay with a couple people should stay with bed that's I was trying to more sneak off and be like there's something we have to do with this turtle.
Mike Sackton: Wait keep it mysterious and magical like i'm picking up the turtle to dispose of it, so it doesn't turn back.
Mike Sackton: into something rather than be like we're all going to do you know, like Do we really have to be there.
kate: No, I don't think we should not be there yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay So who is going with the.
Timothy Sackton: who's going who's doing what raise when in doubt, with are flying off.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll cast healing word on kendo.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Damage kenzie the only ones are damaged yet.
Mike Sackton: Well, plus the Bennett who died.
But I can't heal him.
Mike Sackton: um so the planted is just to.
Mike Sackton: Get out the mirror say the word to activate the mirror and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, oh my God we're traveling the dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep this is, this is the plan yes.
Mike Sackton: Yes, and then.
Mike Sackton: I will show the turtle the mirror and see what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't look at it.
Mike Sackton: I will look like if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We kill the other dragon.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it's kind of still alive.
Timothy Sackton: Barely yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Mostly even back up with another 12 hip points of healing.
From.
Eric Rosenbaum: From wow oh from.
Timothy Sackton: feeling word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shot us through isn't make you.
Eric Rosenbaum: weaker yeah.
Timothy Sackton: From secret.
Mike Sackton: Secret secret, yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: So it's our where does it a charisma safe.
Mike Sackton: I don't even know you made up this item.
Eric Rosenbaum: Such a good at and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's.
Mike Sackton: amazing I think it's like a deep some sort of Christmas, a mere sell chopping away I do actually have it.
Mike Sackton: Easy 15 Christmas safe.
Timothy Sackton: The turtle vanishes.
Mike Sackton: I will come back with no turtle i'll just get my little still pocket.
Mike Sackton: I will just everybody will see what I have returned, that there is no turtle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that takes care of that doesn't it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where it just really quickly what happened and do the identity and PCs see what happened.
Mike Sackton: Now so Dallas has fly, so I just flew off like Nice.
Mike Sackton: Nice slight hurdle.
Mike Sackton: yeah I picked up the turtle so so secret polymer one of the two dragons turtle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah that was picked up the turtle flew off.
Mike Sackton: yeah way out of sight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By country yeah.
Mike Sackton: And then just kill you with see it's coming back with no term.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But wait, how did you get the turtle into the whole into the mirror.
Mike Sackton: I just showed the mirror to the turtle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you had you had the whole.
Mike Sackton: I had the whole yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just remember to turn it off before you put it back.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Mike Sackton: knows the rules of.
Mike Sackton: Football Club.
Mike Sackton: But they'll come back and just like give everybody a significant work like.
Mike Sackton: yeah it worked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the Fuck we captured a dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good work.
Mike Sackton: I think tactically.
Timothy Sackton: As yes, as your.
Timothy Sackton: As everybody is kind of off doing this and seekers kind of looking this is clear, this is not, this is a wyvern this isn't this world to dragon it did.
Timothy Sackton: A breath weapon, I had had a poison stinger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That, rather than more dragons their wife burns yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Still, my God, we have the PR friend this one, this one, we have to like boyfriend and like care for it and make it love us and then and then, and then you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Give it Stockholm syndrome and then it'll it'll be our friend.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, really.
Mike Sackton: What happens when you start concentrating and poly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh it's gonna come back just going to turn back in November and inside the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that would happen immediately actually.
Timothy Sackton: And then yeah.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could you could.
Timothy Sackton: call up the image of itself.
Mike Sackton: I will do that.
Timothy Sackton: it's the dragon flying around or.
Mike Sackton: How does it look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're looking at it in the mirror now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I remember you can.
Timothy Sackton: call up that though number of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the seller at ever.
Mike Sackton: yeah I these things in college and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have totally fucking become a goddess mother, except.
Timothy Sackton: we're not like.
Timothy Sackton: super intelligent now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whoops like we're doing the it's like what would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What would have got to dust mother do are we doing the exact same things that I gotta dust mother would do if the answer is yes, and we should use the Center of power for good.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: With.
Mike Sackton: At some point.
Mike Sackton: I am going to cast the tones and try and talk to this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: great idea.
Timothy Sackton: So you gather it takes a bit of I would say your fly spell has probably ended at this point yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And you look you sort of you know, trying to organize the camp like help the bandits deal with the dead body and, like the dead horse.
Mike Sackton: We should probably you know get our resident.
Mike Sackton: That Murray multi monk to say some words over the poor guy.
Mike Sackton: Is it out of the things fishman does is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah I can do things like that I could say some nice words and.
Mike Sackton: We should.
Mike Sackton: All pay out there 10 gold each.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: So I jerry's.
Mike Sackton: treasure, so we can recoup our losses.
Timothy Sackton: As your as you're speaking i'm you here as kenzo speaking, maybe 20 minutes after the fight.
Timothy Sackton: you hear the sound of beats coming from the north.
Timothy Sackton: And you see well BC is this first, but you all see as i'm writing up.
Timothy Sackton: You know from from the north off the road five travelers on the horses, why not familiar face.
My Salah.
Timothy Sackton: The other for known only to you by rumor and i'm description.
Mike Sackton: They take all the treasure.
Timothy Sackton: cosmos.
If they're trying.
To fight him now.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: wearing tall cardone and men cloaked in hooded i'm not carrying any weapons cassie in the short.
Timothy Sackton: With her full of nervous energy factor that huge tall overly muscle guys six feet tall without Armor but with a giant halbert.
Timothy Sackton: marcella you've met before and.
Timothy Sackton: Antonia lanky red haired short woman in a heavy suit of Armor and as they ride up seeing you on the road i'm.
Timothy Sackton: marsala calls out sort of looks at our companions and calls that says um.
Timothy Sackton: Do you need some help.
Mike Sackton: doing fine Thank you.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: interesting.
Timothy Sackton: We would speak with you a moment.
Timothy Sackton: If this is an okay time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Absolutely it'd be better for you to come back later.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of laughed.
Timothy Sackton: And they start to ride down the hill towards the road.
Timothy Sackton: we've traveled a ways to find you I believe a short conversation maybe to our mutual benefit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really quickly, since I missed like what happened, the last hour and a half or where are we and it's like is there pressure and stuff nearby or like what's going on.
Timothy Sackton: you're just on the road.
Mike Sackton: We were surprised on the road, by the way we don't we think we know where there were is, but we are not here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh OK OK so there's no like treasure nearby that they're like that the cardone answer stealing Okay, so we can talk with them right now.
kate: I mean they probably know there's blueprints in the area and when when.
kate: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm sorry that I don't say that I was only saying that it was like.
Mike Sackton: you're saying that because you're in the middle burying this poor guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's even better actually yeah because, like they look like fucking assholes because we're we're in the middle of.
Timothy Sackton: know that they.
Mike Sackton: They wait till you're done without.
Timothy Sackton: prayer before they write down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cardone and assholes so of course they're like you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we are projecting a lot on to them that maybe are attributes of ourselves.
Mike Sackton: know they really did.
Mike Sackton: steal stuff from the deadline.
Mike Sackton: Remember.
Mike Sackton: The fight with how they're.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Still still from the Denmark, they found stuff abandoned in the desert to the east and when hubs are saw that it was originally done Mari he claimed we didn't show him this stuff we took from those same forts.
Mike Sackton: We get we gave it to him, we gave them a super valuable sword from the Denmark.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that makes everything else okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we also we also like fried that the fucking.
Mike Sackton: Were the good guys and they're the best we've freed the fucking error of the donmar a throne, you know what I mean like we are the good guys were the liberators.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shorts you gotta remember that we are.
Mike Sackton: All of.
Mike Sackton: us.
Mike Sackton: We are the raiders we have the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Freedom to this place, yes.
kate: are retired military spending has been for good purposes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah totally for good purposes.
Mike Sackton: Seriously, nothing bad has ever happened when we've read enough to war.
Timothy Sackton: So, as they ride down to approach your camp i'm.
Timothy Sackton: At marsala sort of looks around your your armies grown some since we last spoke recruiting.
Mike Sackton: chance allies, we found on the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yours too, I thought you were headed West.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's good to see you again.
Timothy Sackton: I believe we may have some business with to transact with you, she sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Like bows out of the way and so they're like the like tall guy cloaked and the and the big muscly dude aren't really saying much.
Timothy Sackton: But actually sort of bows the.
Timothy Sackton: The short wizard guy kind of rides board and says yes, yes um.
Timothy Sackton: marcella told us of your deeds and that she met you and you're traveling West.
Timothy Sackton: I believe there is, you must have.
Timothy Sackton: recovered quite a lot of items of value from that creature I gotta.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: We have money.
Timothy Sackton: and much to trade before we turn back West and rot turn back East and ride to think, I would like to offer you.
Timothy Sackton: Some coin in exchange for perhaps some of the treasures you recovered from that creature.
Timothy Sackton: Would you be interested in discussing.
Timothy Sackton: I do have quite a lot of coin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not sure we're interested in coin.
Mike Sackton: We have a few small trinkets.
Timothy Sackton: wow what are you interested that, if not coin.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're interested in what you recovered.
Timothy Sackton: Would you like to trade item for item.
Timothy Sackton: That may be possible.
Timothy Sackton: we'll have to discuss.
Timothy Sackton: There is a.
Timothy Sackton: tomato sauce killer I saw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I saw said this dude hardcore.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So setting.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so as your soul, citing i'm he's saying we have a particular interest in items of drink Korean origin.
Timothy Sackton: Why it's not even that.
Timothy Sackton: A gotta possessed a handful of such items.
Timothy Sackton: And if you are willing to trade those I could trade you items of non drink Korean origin in exchange.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That.
Timothy Sackton: dlp acceptable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, maybe you can shed some light on your interest in drink Korean items.
Timothy Sackton: I believe marsala has spoken to you have these.
Timothy Sackton: goals of ours, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe saying share again.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we wish to recover our heritage.
Timothy Sackton: We wish to.
Timothy Sackton: Safeguard knowledge.
Timothy Sackton: Keep power from getting out of control.
Timothy Sackton: used by those who would seek to create war or chaos, with it, such as this creature I gotta.
Timothy Sackton: In such a mission, we have.
Timothy Sackton: Road east.
Timothy Sackton: And search ruins.
Timothy Sackton: And, of course.
Timothy Sackton: Chardin is the heir to drink or so drink Korean items in particular are important to us.
Timothy Sackton: So, will you discuss we have urgent business on the border.
Timothy Sackton: Dealing with some cobalt problem, so you have taken a detour out of our way here to speak with you.
Timothy Sackton: And will be on our way soon.
Timothy Sackton: After we conclude our business.
Mike Sackton: What.
Mike Sackton: Do you have to offer.
Timothy Sackton: What are you interested in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why don't you show your cards first.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's been a long day and I gesture to the pin cushion corpse of a river and next to us.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, I see you have fought valiantly.
Timothy Sackton: I can offer this saddle.
Timothy Sackton: He holds up a done Mari subtle, that is.
Timothy Sackton: still have.
Timothy Sackton: seems as if, like new just by being an archaic design.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: of high value for those who fight mounted.
Timothy Sackton: It will help protect your mount from dangers that may otherwise disable or kill it.
Timothy Sackton: I could offer you.
Timothy Sackton: A number of scrolls or potions should such things be of interest, I have this.
Timothy Sackton: Particularly valuable potion recently recovered.
Timothy Sackton: Drinking this will.
Timothy Sackton: make you resistant to all damage for some time.
Timothy Sackton: I could offer.
Timothy Sackton: You sort of looks around.
Timothy Sackton: boots.
Timothy Sackton: That make you fast.
Timothy Sackton: Should you have anything, particularly valuable to trade, I could offer you a ring.
Timothy Sackton: That lets you.
Timothy Sackton: Speed yourself up once per day.
Timothy Sackton: Moving at an incredible pace.
Timothy Sackton: As if he tasted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really quickly Meta game, how many drink Korean artifacts do we have we've got the sector.
Mike Sackton: Once we have this looking at the party charging list actually not much that was has a ring of displacement.
Eric Rosenbaum: from drinking more.
Mike Sackton: kenzo jumping is from drink or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Always talks.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the top there's a map also.
Mike Sackton: yeah but we don't want to give them them that's the werewolf map we don't want to give them the werewolf map the pandemonium.
Mike Sackton: Right, the only stuff we have in here that says drink Korean origin, the message stones, but I think we want to keep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nothing, even though.
Mike Sackton: My reign of displacement you're bringing up jumping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You like the ring of displacement, what does that do.
Mike Sackton: A bonus action to.
Mike Sackton: Have disadvantage on attacks till the end of my next term other people have designated attacking me to get defensive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I tried it away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah bring him jumping is like whatever and it's great I like jumping but it's not like you know the best player.
Mike Sackton: But nothing they're offering sounds particularly useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: The haste would be more useful than the jumping that's for sure.
Mike Sackton: Train everybody pays for a rainy jumping.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think well that who knows.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What we really want is giant size and maybe that's the direction it goes to say like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, will be will say to them right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, these are powerful and delightful discoveries that you offer us and trade.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And well we're not averse in principle to trading what we may or may not discovered of drink Korean origin, I think what we really want.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): came from the party who traveled north to you don't miss this Tower not from you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And perhaps when we get back to chart and we could seek them out to make a trade they're.
Timothy Sackton: sort of looks back at the the two that haven't spoke that.
Timothy Sackton: The club guy in the sort of an armored hubbard wielding one and then looks back at you, and what do you have a drink or that may be worthy of a trade.
kate: Before we finish actually speaking in game, I want to make i've meant to try to tell everyone at one of the ends along the way, that when we're going to DARPA.
kate: The dwarves are expecting me to trade coin that source by the dwarves to get back the chalice of the priest the show donations took.
kate: So I feel like in case, these people, happen to be carrying around a dorm and jealous I shouldn't ask I assume it's already back in charleston but i'm gonna bring that up and I don't know just to my surprise anyone.
Eric Rosenbaum: reasonable thing to ask about.
Eric Rosenbaum: or even if they have knowledge of it.
Mike Sackton: or.
Mike Sackton: Not.
Mike Sackton: Too many items.
Mike Sackton: I lost rain.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Again, everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of again kind of like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, just like stuff in front of all the, with all due respect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're very tired we've just killed had a pretty epic battle over here, I understand you're busy, I understand that you're very interested in items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We do have items, whether they're trying Korean origin, whether they're not trying Korean origin very interesting historical questions you're posing but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As my comrade well be just stated, the items that were most interested are from you don't miss this Tower the things that you listed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's great but we're in a very different bargaining position where we actually don't have really any interest in any of the things that you have so for us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's not really much else to say here unless you can offer us something that came from that tower which, if you have something here wonderful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Otherwise, perhaps we consider that we can be in this conversation at a later point in chart and when you actually have items that we care about.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And there's no there's no harm in that our destination his chart and eventually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and also your will catch up there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And not only that your goals that you just described in terms of keeping you know things safe and so on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So talk, you have to apologize.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Man i'm just saying we share, we share those goals we share those will.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): get into that part.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah no we share, we share those goals, and we also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very much, as has been evidenced by all of our work in the past number of months, again, it appears, your treasure hunting we've been kind of trying to save Denmark so we've been a little busy doing that so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Along those lines, I think you know my companions and I were quite tired and we would love to reconvene with you and chart in and discuss this when you actually have items we care about.
Timothy Sackton: These sort of looks back again and.
Timothy Sackton: The cloaked in hood at one gives like a subtle shake of his head.
Timothy Sackton: And the wizard you're talking to you says look I, I really must insist, you at least.
Timothy Sackton: You at least give me some clue as to what you have found.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you offering charting born and raised reborn uncharted.
Timothy Sackton: I was yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wonderful how about the rest of you.
Timothy Sackton: Do not know everybody's history, but most of us were yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so you're all connected to the great library soon.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of you wonderful and all of you have been working with magic and chart in some form over the years, I imagine.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to make something up right now, Tim I hope this is okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like cake has a tensile like pulls pulls like like like lifts up his like arm and like reveals like a really nasty like scar like a super like gross like scar that he has like on his forearm just like a part, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like you know what this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any anybody, you might know just by looking at the skin, you can probably tell what this is.
Timothy Sackton: sort of looks have a gas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah they're burns from a light from the light minds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what they are, you know so i'm from chart into and my friends my comrades we suffered a lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From your research from your adventures so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know I apologize I don't want to speak for my my comrades but i'm tired.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We we've had a long day and we can convene and meet back and chart and again when you have some items, but this isn't this isn't the best conversation time right now.
Timothy Sackton: This is why we do what we do.
Timothy Sackton: These things are dangerous, I am sorry, you were hurt.
Timothy Sackton: He looks back again.
Timothy Sackton: And the the one the one on the horses like staring at well baby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be staring.
unblinkingly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So save that due to let's let's let's.
kate: Do our guy so saving us.
Mike Sackton: Now he's trying to detect magic king.
Mike Sackton: he's cast the tech magic and he knows well the APP but no hold on well be is the artifact on you are in the.
thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the whole.
The whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where is the whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't know what the Fed okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah just used it a minute ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 there are they are they like you know against those kind of goal setting all them like and kind of scanning them all learned everything and attack us are we gonna like have to fight like a bunch of fucking Jordanian.
Timothy Sackton: um so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so you what's the vibe right now that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The the oh Fuck.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The one the ones in the back, are definitely a lot.
Timothy Sackton: More so you're you're still setting the mate the wizard is talking to you and he's.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you know they're all about as strong as you are he's very intelligent he's like.
Timothy Sackton: And he seems genuine he seems like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Timothy Sackton: He wants to get on with his.
Timothy Sackton: mission, but you know he wants to his just curious he wants to buy stuff he wants to know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you've got um you turn and look at the one in the back, and there is something about him that doesn't quite add up.
Timothy Sackton: Like he's.
Timothy Sackton: He hasn't said anything, and yet there are some sort of commanding presence to him um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I spent some key how strong is he.
Timothy Sackton: He it sorry hold on a SEC, let me yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So so he's you know they're all about as strong as you are right um.
Timothy Sackton: He doesn't seem particularly stronger than like marcella but like definitely not a week and not a pushover at all i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: throw humans.
Timothy Sackton: Hot all humans high charisma low strength.
Timothy Sackton: more depth to you what else does that give you.
A.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can learn if the target is affected by magic poison or disease, and I know their resistance is immunities and vulnerability vulnerabilities if any.
Timothy Sackton: not immune are vulnerable and resistant anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Over there.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: Sorry hold on.
Mike Sackton: The sector is on welby are in the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's in the hall it's in your pocket it's in your pocket in your pocket.
Mike Sackton: I will step forward kind of peacemaking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): lift up a hand like up over his head and put it in front of your chest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just take.
Mike Sackton: don't think we have to.
Mike Sackton: Be so disagreeable here we've had a long day one day it's raining.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All this is true.
Timothy Sackton: Well, yes i'm simply asking that you.
Timothy Sackton: tell me what you might have to offer, and I can find out what the.
Timothy Sackton: How we can obtain what what might be a value to the library yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay okay.
Timothy Sackton: You you I I have been honest and open with you and you and you have been secretive and.
Timothy Sackton: kg.
Timothy Sackton: I don't I don't know why you're.
Timothy Sackton: i'm coming to you and suddenly bargain here, I have, I can offer you coin as well, we have jams, we have diamonds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be ignoring the person speaking to us entirely will say to the cloaked man on the horse.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will see you in charge, I think it's time to go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is starting to feel aggressive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Strong I like it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will see you again in charge.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of WiFi no harm no foul you go your way we go ours and will seek you out when we get to the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And in true honesty and in true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: authenticity sincerity sincerity that's the word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you do have items for you don't this is tower will be very interested in discussing a trade at that point.
kate: They.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): were another first.
kate: meeting for the chalice of the rune priests, which we hear the great library may have found in your travels and I will be meeting with delegates and DARPA to empower me to come bargain at the great library and turn.
This is not the time or place.
Timothy Sackton: i'm the wizard just kind of.
Timothy Sackton: looks back again and sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know shrugs a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: And that that man in the cloak then like holds up his hand.
Timothy Sackton: And like you know begins to wave something a little bit with his hand and then speaks again.
No.
Timothy Sackton: Different.
Timothy Sackton: timber in his voice now, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: First time he spoke, he says.
Timothy Sackton: We are friends here.
Timothy Sackton: You can share the information you have learned and tell me what you have and I need well be.
Timothy Sackton: raise when.
Timothy Sackton: Doubt with and secret to make wisdom saving for us.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I have the ring of the warded mind.
Timothy Sackton: What does that do.
Mike Sackton: Exactly we get enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're immune to magic that allows other creatures to read your thoughts determine whether you're lying no your alignment or know your creature type um.
Timothy Sackton: Does it ever doesn't have anything to do with charms.
Mike Sackton: chart this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going to use.
Timothy Sackton: You have advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have advantage.
Timothy Sackton: On door usually throws that.
Eric Rosenbaum: vantage the ring can converse advantage on saving throws against being true to.
Mike Sackton: My advantage didn't really help.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm going to use my feet.
Mike Sackton: i'm actually tempted to use the motivators well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck yeah.
Mike Sackton: But hold on.
Mike Sackton: What is the mode of faith do.
Eric Rosenbaum: That advantage helped me.
Timothy Sackton: Ah res when while be and.
Timothy Sackton: Down with you are, this is, this is a good friend.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: you're clearly should be sharing information with him and like bargaining in good faith.
Timothy Sackton: Wait Mike you aren't didn't you already use your mode of fate.
No.
Mike Sackton: I don't think so.
Timothy Sackton: i'm almost positive you used it against i'm.
Timothy Sackton: used it against.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It to kill them like Fuck these guys.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are, but that is an act of aggression.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah look them up this is this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: activity.
Timothy Sackton: That seeker and kenzo are aware, I was but not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: An eye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To eye on.
Mike Sackton: I shoot.
Mike Sackton: I tested your magic Mr seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: That will only work on one of you right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's good idea anyway, he says.
Timothy Sackton: Please friends.
Timothy Sackton: tell me what you found.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait hold on hold on oh man, I can also.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is term person.
Timothy Sackton: it's term person yeah last for an hour.
Mike Sackton: Late man.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): knows that they were trying.
Timothy Sackton: To me, for targets.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did I fucking had talked them out i'm gonna fight them what.
Mike Sackton: I use now, we will die do not attack them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know this is that they can't do this they do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The people behind us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah there are there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is Fuck these guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little late, given the complexity of what's up.
Mike Sackton: yeah and also we can't start a battle with these guys that.
Timothy Sackton: 110 oh yeah it's quite late we better stop.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but i'm about i'm going to ask it arrow that the the dude that cast the spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: their noses like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like that hey oh no, no, no, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is this is good man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They cannot do this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I do that first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: off, they cannot fucking do this, this is there this is their own doing like No, this is like this is like fucking crack the mirror and like unreleased the library and all the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shit like right now.
Mike Sackton: But the chairperson, is it like chairperson is like they're good friends, but not like you're compelled to answer every single one of their quest this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is the thing I don't know that we would tell so, so I think these are two separate things one of them is about what would we tell a good friendly acquaintance about what we had found and I don't.
Mike Sackton: I think it's telling a separate sort of an edge case right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And another one is like that that was an act of aggression that they just did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That they fucking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: charmed us to try to like get us to tell him shit oh hell no oh hell no like no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No we're like like good.
Eric Rosenbaum: guys look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pack their.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: clairvoyant beat somebody yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's play.
Eric Rosenbaum: With.
um.
Mike Sackton: I do.
Mike Sackton: it's time person not suggestion it's pretty.
Mike Sackton: We would not tell a friendly a queen's about the sector who would absolutely tell about other stuff but not the Center.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, keeping I mean not have you really use john person is of course difficult right you wouldn't necessarily.
Timothy Sackton: You wouldn't necessarily tell them.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have to tell them everything right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We told Chris What about the Center of command.
Mike Sackton: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think we did.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good question deployment would have.
No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very good point.
Sorry.
Mike Sackton: We have not told anybody, we are super passionate man, we have not told a single person about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love this This is great now because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like they fucking tried to charm us in the telling them shit This is all active or complete act of war.
Mike Sackton: It is an act of love, but we need to I need to get I can't start like.
Mike Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lucky in life, my blood pressure is.
Mike Sackton: Now three hours oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but Seriously though it's like everything about fucking chart in but like like everybody else.
Mike Sackton: would be totally character Kendall made a sale right or at least.
Timothy Sackton: ends I wasn't chart okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: But how many turned on answer there.
Eric Rosenbaum: 555 it's gonna be ugly.
Mike Sackton: We won't.
kate: kenza that you have 10 mark hit points because.
Mike Sackton: You won't and I really.
Mike Sackton: Weighing in a.
Mike Sackton: battle presumably cooler heads will prevail, and we will not end up all dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But somebody's going to take a little bit of damage like this is like it Kansas not Kendall Kendall is no self control this point like knowing what's happening right now, you.
Mike Sackton: Know totally character cancer, to be like what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think kenzo and well, we are like well these my fucking dog that's all I gotta say it kenzo was like so fucking like just like team well be like all the way now it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice well these writer guy like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These guys are so many.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: chances like these guys these guys like we were really nice like we fucking said to her it's like and then they cast a spell on us like really, really.
Mike Sackton: I mean if you attack them john person.
Mike Sackton: I know it's the other way around, if they attack us yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: It was our.
Eric Rosenbaum: misery that the term person thing will go away pretty quickly if there's a fight that's all.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah no not.
Timothy Sackton: You have advantage on the saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: or they can attack kenzo all they want, they just if they attack you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The charmin unknowns.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, but what tends was going to do is he's going to fucking hit you guys on like the back of your heads with his fucking staff and just wake you up.
Mike Sackton: but also a if they attack kenzo I don't think again charm is not a powerful enough style to say we can't put not to fight that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just gotta.
Mike Sackton: stand idly by.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, but you can't it's like.
Timothy Sackton: It is a powerful and now spell that you wouldn't like immediately launch into lethal combat right.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You know your first priority is to get your friends to stop fighting, yes, not to like yes tell the guy immediate.
Mike Sackton: Yes, he.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have to just stand there, doing nothing but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it cancel like flurry of blows each of them like the comment, like the homies like what does that wake them up.
Timothy Sackton: If you attack them now, not only that the person charmed them attacks.
Mike Sackton: Or, as Canadians.
Timothy Sackton: yeah or anyone else in his party.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then they would snap out of it.
Mike Sackton: yeah charm with that yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, well wait and who actually got charmed or are we still like did everybody get.
Timothy Sackton: ready when.
Timothy Sackton: I deal with and while.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a.
Mike Sackton: question is very motivated I burned my head.
Timothy Sackton: Oh that's right, what do you want to use your motive fate now.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I mean there's no real benefit, since I was the only one who fail check but yeah with this number of failure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: amount of weight barisan doesn't know about the sector so it's really just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Like you, the story of the chapter is spreading throughout happened right like it's not like some deep secret.
Timothy Sackton: Like you did tell people.
Mike Sackton: Why did you tell people.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wearable affiliation thing to make sense, was a big plot hole.
Timothy Sackton: And you must have told go via right because it's crucial to the whole.
Mike Sackton: that's after know.
Timothy Sackton: So what it go via think.
Timothy Sackton: You traded I don't think you are that secret right like.
Timothy Sackton: What was traded for the whole story of I mean the like the werewolf prisoner told lots of people.
Timothy Sackton: prisoner knew the details right like the sector is not some.
Timothy Sackton: Deep secret that you have.
Timothy Sackton: not discussed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But but but possession of the sector.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly exactly so.
Timothy Sackton: It was traded to a God and lots of people lots of the story of the saboteur being traded to a goddess by the werewolves and the story of you killing a God I are not secret knowledge.
Mike Sackton: At all yes.
Mike Sackton: The fact that.
Timothy Sackton: The factor from a data is.
Timothy Sackton: an inference not a clear fact.
Timothy Sackton: Right, but I don't think it would be like if some like you know some like friend of yours is like hey you kill the goddess she had that sector right did you take it.
Mike Sackton: Like.
Mike Sackton: I think we might even like everybody finds out we get after this after we will be.
Timothy Sackton: We all facets well find out in.
April.
kate: yeah I mean it's all in front so respond to be like yeah i've been kind of assuming they do, but yeah.
Mike Sackton: I haven't told me I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So bumped to I was on I was coming around on team chart and team open scroll.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well he's my dog all I gotta say ken's I was like well he's a fucking guy right here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking chardon ian's fucking chardon ian's.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You really are fearless bastards.